How to Win Friends and Influence People, Dale Carnegie


When dealing with people, let us remember we are not dealing with creatures of logic. We are dealin...free plan limit


Any fool can criticize, condemn and complain—and most fools do. But it takes character and self-con...free plan limit


it was that I expected too much of youth.


Instead of condemning people, let’s try to understand them. Let’s try to figure out why they do wha...free plan limit


“The deepest principle in human nature is the craving to be appreciated.”


If you tell me how you get your feeling of importance, I’ll tell you what you are.


many people who go insane find in insanity a feeling of importance that they were unable to achieve...free plan limit


Charles Schwab told me himself that he had many men working for him who knew more about the manufac...free plan limit


Schwab says that he was paid this salary largely because of his ability to deal with people.


“I consider my ability to arouse enthusiasm among my people,” said Schwab, “the greatest asset I po...free plan limit


“There is nothing else that so kills the ambitions of a person as criticisms from superiors. I neve...free plan limit


“I have yet to find the person, however great or exalted his station, who did not do better work an...free plan limit


Of course flattery seldom works with discerning people. It is shallow, selfish and insincere.


“Don’t be afraid of enemies who attack you. Be afraid of the friends who flatter you.”


Emerson said: “Every man I meet is my superior in some way. In that, I learn of him.”


First, arouse in the other person an eager want. He who can do this has the whole world with him. H...free plan limit


Tomorrow you may want to persuade somebody to do something. Before you speak, pause and ask yoursel...free plan limit


Even if I had convinced him that he was wrong, his pride would have made it difficult for him to ba...free plan limit


“If there is any one secret of success,” said Henry Ford, “it lies in the ability to get the other ...free plan limit


that in which we are most interested is mentioned last and the whole effect is one of raising a spi...free plan limit


customers like to feel that they are buying—not being sold.


“People who can put themselves in the place of other people, who can understand the workings of the...free plan limit


“First, arouse in the other person an eager want. He who can do this has the whole world with him. ...free plan limit


You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two ...free plan limit


“It is the individual who is not interested in his fellow men who has the greatest difficulties in ...free plan limit


man without a smiling face must not open a shop.”


When he was a boy back in Scotland, he got hold of a rabbit, a mother rabbit. Presto! He soon had a...free plan limit


Benton Love, chairman of Texas Commerce Bancshares, believes that the bigger a corporation gets, th...free plan limit


People are so proud of their names that they strive to perpetuate them at any cost.


Most people don’t remember names, for the simple reason that they don’t take the time and energy ne...free plan limit


Franklin D. Roosevelt knew that one of the simplest, most obvious and most important ways of gainin...free plan limit


what he had really wanted was a feeling of importance.


“They have been so much concerned with what they are going to say next that they do not keep their ...free plan limit


He had wanted merely a friendly, sympathetic listener to whom he could unburden himself.


If you want to know how to make people shun you and laugh at you behind your back and even despise ...free plan limit


Bores, that is all they are—bores intoxicated with their own egos, drunk with a sense of their own ...free plan limit


Ask questions that other persons will enjoy answering.


For Roosevelt knew, as all leaders know, that the royal road to a person’s heart is to talk about t...free plan limit


He saw you were interested in boats, and he talked about the things he knew would interest and plea...free plan limit


The law is this: Always make the other person feel important.


William James said: “The deepest principle in human nature is the craving to be appreciated.”


“Do unto others as you would have others do unto you.”


Charles Schwab put it, “hearty in their approbation and lavish in their praise.”


because we have shown respect for her.


“Every man I meet is my superior in some way. In that, I learn of him.”


‘Paulette, you must understand that I cannot accept your resignation. You mean a great deal to me a...free plan limit


But we were guests at a festive occasion, my dear Dale. Why prove to a man he is wrong? Is that goi...free plan limit


How much better it would have been had I not become argumentative.


A man convinced against his will Is of the same opinion still.


If you argue and rankle and contradict, you may achieve a victory sometimes; but it will be an empt...free plan limit


So figure it out for yourself. Which would you rather have, an academic, theatrical victory or a pe...free plan limit


He wanted a feeling of importance; and as long as Mr. Parsons argued with him, he got his feeling o...free plan limit


Buddha said: “Hatred is never ended by hatred but by love,” and a misunderstanding is never ended b...free plan limit


Welcome the disagreement.


“When two partners always agree, one of them is not necessary.”


Control your temper. Remember, you can measure the size of a person by what makes him or her angry.


Listen first. Give your opponents a chance to talk. Let them finish. Do not resist, defend or debat...free plan limit


Look for areas of agreement. When you have heard your opponents out, dwell first on the points and ...free plan limit


Anyone who takes the time to disagree with you is interested in the same things you are.


Postpone action to give both sides time to think through the problem.


You cannot teach a man anything; you can only help him to find it within himself.


Be wiser than other people if you can; but do not tell them so.


more easily prevail’d with others to give up their mistakes and join with me when I happened to be ...free plan limit


You only succeed in stripping that person of self-dignity and making yourself an unwelcome part of ...free plan limit


I kept on watching and gradually began to ask questions as to why certain pieces were not satisfact...free plan limit


I didn’t for one instant insinuate that the inspector was wrong. I emphasized that my only reason f...free plan limit


I was very careful, however, not to let him think I was making an issue of this point.


but kept on insisting that we did not want him to take it if it was unsuitable for their purpose.


the determination to refrain from telling the other man he was wrong,


it would be hard to place a money value on the good will that was saved.”


“Be diplomatic,” counseled the King. “It will help you gain your point.”


don’t argue with your customer or your spouse or your adversary. Don’t tell them they are wrong, do...free plan limit


‘hearty in my approbation and lavish in my praise.’


a drop of honey catches more flies than a gallon of gall.


how richly it sometimes pays to let the other person do the talking.”


Thinking, Fast and Slow, Daniel Kahneman


The entire context helps determine the interpretation of each element.


The Flinch, Julien Smith


Facing the flinch is hard internal labor that comes with no up-front promise of reward.


But one day, your world will change, maybe drastically, and it will do so without warning. On that ...free plan limit


They don’t worry about pain; they just deal with it.


But behind every undiscovered flinch is a lesson. If you do everything your parents’ way, you’ll ne...free plan limit


as you learn, you’re also falling down and getting scars. The pain repels you. You flinch so much t...free plan limit


the world is a furnace of constant, unrelenting pressure. Either you’re crushed by it or it makes y...free plan limit


Change is easy in principle but hard in practice.


Remember: no one has a problem with the first mile of a journey. Even an infant could do fine for a...free plan limit


Those who explore find things in themselves just as often as in the outside world. They find their ...free plan limit


“I saw her across the room at the dance, and she was very pretty. I was afraid. But I told myself I...free plan limit


just then, was the flinch. Did you catch it? Every great relationship story has one.


The strength you gain by letting go is more important than any object you own.


Your personality is something else, something deeper than just preferences, and these details on th...free plan limit


The training isn’t about fighting at all, but something more important: pattern-breaking.


Doing the uncomfortable is key. It widens your circle of comfort.


Train yourself to flinch forward, and your world changes radically. You respond to challenges by pu...free plan limit


The anxiety was just about the possibility of public embarrassment. No big deal.


Judging the flinch beforehand, asking whether it’s going to hurt or not, isn’t the point. You can o...free plan limit


Read things you disagree with. Read things that are too difficult for you to understand, and then o...free plan limit


Have a garden or a dog to help you stay grounded in the real world.


Having nothing to do while you’re waiting for a bus can be boring, but it’s only when you’re bored ...free plan limit


The Happiness Advantage: The Seven Principles of Positive Psychology That Fuel Success and Performance at Work, Shawn Achor


“The Mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven.”


The Compound Effect, Darren Hardy


doesn’t matter how smart you are or aren’t, you need to make up in hard work what you lack in exper...free plan limit


“Be the guy who says ‘no.’ It’s no great achievement to go along with the crowd. Be the unusual guy...free plan limit


taking $3 million in cash this very instant and a single penny that doubles in value every day for ...free plan limit


nothing fails like success.


if we gave lottery losers each thirty seconds on TV to announce not “I won!” but “I lost,” it would...free plan limit


You alone are responsible for what you do or don’t do, or how you respond to what’s done to you.


A horse wins by a nose, but gets 10 times the prize money. Is the horse 10 times faster? No, just a...free plan limit


I asked Beverly to drive her car around the block and map out a one-mile loop from her house. Then,...free plan limit


It’s about becoming a creature of champion habits.


“If you are not making the progress that you would like to make and are capable of making, it is si...free plan limit


The person who has a clear, compelling, and white-hot burning why will always defeat even the best ...free plan limit


I suggest that you take some time today to make a list of your most important goals. I recommend co...free plan limit


“If you want to have more, you have to become more. Success is not something you pursue. What you p...free plan limit


Instead, I looked back at the list and considered whether or not I embodied those same attributes m...free plan limit


I filled forty more pages describing all the attributes, qualities, behaviors, attitudes, and chara...free plan limit


Just like high-volume, low-nutrient food makes your body fat, high-volume, low-nutrient information...free plan limit


we have a similar homeostatic ability to adjust to unfamiliar behavior changes.


“You will never change your life until you change something you do daily. The secret of your succes...free plan limit


You’ve got to find little rewards to give yourself every month, every week, every day—even somethin...free plan limit


“The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but wh...free plan limit


“brain groove.” This is a series of interconnected neurons that carry the thought patterns of a par...free plan limit


Golfer Jack Nicklaus was famous for his pre-shot routine. He was religious about the “dance” he wou...free plan limit


psychologist timed Nicklaus from the moment he pulled the club out of the bag until the moment he h...free plan limit


Of all the high-achievers and business leaders I’ve worked with and observed, I’ve noticed not only...free plan limit


I have what I call my calibration appointment, a recurring appointment set in my calendar, where I ...free plan limit


as long as I go through my morning routine, a majority of the key disciplines I need to be practici...free plan limit


When I work out the same way at the same time, doing the same repetitive movements week after week,...free plan limit


set weekly, monthly, and yearly goals to do something I wouldn’t normally do.


in looking again at my goal of deepening the love and intimacy of my marriage, I designed a weekly,...free plan limit


Every Saturday is FD (Family Day)—which means NO working. Essentially sundown on Friday night until...free plan limit


Unfortunately, the people who get shoved aside are often the most important.


We start the conversation by telling each other a few things we have appreciated about the other du...free plan limit


Jim Rohn taught me that life is simply a collection of experiences. Our goal should be to increase ...free plan limit


Once a quarter, we plan a two- to three-day getaway.


We’ve created a rhythm that gives us momentum.


The competition for your attention has never been bloodier, and the media jockeys continually up th...free plan limit


Instead of a wreck on the side of the road, what if there was the most stunning, miraculous sunset ...free plan limit


Brian Tracy taught me the concept of turning my car into a mobile classroom. He explained to me tha...free plan limit


This commitment, in combination with your reading routine, separates you from the herd of average—o...free plan limit


Birds of a feather flock together.


The people with whom you habitually associate are called your “reference group.” According to resea...free plan limit


it’s powerful to evaluate and shift your associations into three categories: dissociations, limited...free plan limit


Determine the quality of life you want to have and then surround yourself with the people who repre...free plan limit


Decide how much you can “afford” to be influenced, based on how those people represent themselves.


You’re never too good for a mentor.


It is why you get up every day. To teach and be taught.”


“An individual needs to be open to being mentored. It is our responsibility to be willing to allow ...free plan limit


“Never ask advice of someone with whom you wouldn’t want to trade places.”


psychic clutter


Every incomplete promise, commitment, and agreement saps your strength because it blocks your momen...free plan limit


you have to be sure your environment is welcoming and supportive of you becoming, doing, and perfor...free plan limit


my competitors were facing the same challenges.


It wasn’t difficult, painful, or challenging when I was just running with the herd, just keeping up...free plan limit


When conditions are great, things are easy, there aren’t any distractions, no one is interrupting, ...free plan limit


When you hit the wall in your disciplines, routines, rhythms, and consistency, realize that’s when ...free plan limit


what’s popular is average, it’s what’s common. Common things deliver common results.


“shock and awe” campaigns.


They’ll know you’re trying to butter them up, but they’ll appreciate your gumption and creativity—y...free plan limit


In our attention-deficit, propaganda-saturated society, sometimes doing the unexpected is required ...free plan limit


“It’s the same money, but the surprise and goodwill it buys is immeasurable—why wouldn’t you?”


exceeding expectations builds trust and creates customer loyalty.


Giving a little more time, energy, or thought to your efforts won’t only improve your results, it w...free plan limit


Pop!: Create the Perfect Pitch, Title, and Tagline for Anything, Sam Horn


The premise of POP! is that the best way to attract instant interest is to make our communication (...free plan limit


Pithy.


helped them and their offerings get noticed, heard, and bought.


Texas Congresswoman Barbara Jordan said, “Anyone who waits for recognition is criminally naive.”


you have a concept, cause, or company you care about, it is up to you to package it in a way that c...free plan limit


accurately articulates the essence of you and your


offering, and positions you positively with your target audience.


brevity is the soul of success.


It’s up to us to create sales sound bites that are appealing and memorable.


To seduce almost anyone, ask for and listen to his opinion. MALCOLM FORBES


“Our strength taken to an extreme becomes our weakness.”


forty years, customers have pounded ketchup bottles against their palm in a futile effort to pour o...free plan limit


Art gallery owners in New York have found it pays to hire beautiful young women to attend their ope...free plan limit


Breaking the Habit of Being Yourself: How to Lose Your Mind and Create a New One, Joe Dispenza


We can learn and change in a state of pain and suffering, or we can evolve in a state of joy and in...free plan limit


Only when subjects held both heightened emotions and clear objectives in alignment were they able t...free plan limit


How can I think, feel, and behave differently to produce the effect/result that I want?


willfully move into the state of consciousness that allows us to connect to universal intelligence,...free plan limit


because a potential doesn’t yet exist. If it doesn’t exist, it doesn’t have a location or occupy a ...free plan limit


To change is to think greater than how we feel. To change is to act greater than the familiar feeli...free plan limit


You create patterns of the same familiar thoughts and feelings,


The greatest habit we must break is the habit of being ourselves.


Trying to change your emotional pattern is like going through drug withdrawal.


The way most organisms adapt to conditions in their environment is through gradual genetic modifica...free plan limit


epigenetics (literally, “above genetics”), the study of how the environment controls gene activity.


We can signal our genes to rewrite our future.


It begins to make sense that although we “think” or “believe” we are living in the present, there i...free plan limit


if we focus on an intended future event and then plan how we will prepare or behave, there will be ...free plan limit


focused on that possible future that the thoughts we are thinking will begin to become the experien...free plan limit


Once the thought becomes the experience, its end product is an emotion. When we begin to experience...free plan limit


Living in creation is living as a nobody.


when you are in a creative state, you forget about the habit of being you. You lay down your selfis...free plan limit


in order to change your body (to foster better health), something in your external circumstances (a...free plan limit


This ability to self-reflect allows us to scrutinize ourselves and then make a plan to modify our b...free plan limit


emotional energy that had been bound to the body is now free to move.


That energy in the form of emotion moves up the body from the hormonal centers to the heart area


No longer perceiving reality through the lenses of those past survival emotions, we see new possibi...free plan limit


When you’re living in survival, you’re trying to control or force an outcome; that’s what the ego d...free plan limit


You are in a state of gratitude because you feel like it’s already happened.


My definition of mastery is that our internal chemical state is greater


than anything in our external world.


You are a master when you’ve conditioned yourself with chosen thoughts and feelings, you’ve memoriz...free plan limit


Wisdom is accumulated knowledge that has been gained through repeated experience.


Through meditation, we can install the necessary neurological hardware, just as those piano players...free plan limit


The more often you produce that state of mind, the more those thoughts will become the experience.


The newly installed circuits, the neurological and chemical changes that have been produced by thos...free plan limit


If you can get up from your meditative session and be in that new state of being—altered neurologic...free plan limit


As you move into a new state of being by thought alone, you will be more prone to do things and thi...free plan limit


A new state of being creates a new personality … a new personality produces a new personal reality.


You’ve moved beyond the cause-and-effect model of the universe,


You will also know that your meditation has been fruitful if something unexpected and new shows up ...free plan limit


the quantum model tells us that if you have created a new mind and a new state of being, you have a...free plan limit


Because you are thinking and feeling differently, you are changing reality. Together, thoughts and ...free plan limit


You can’t think one way and feel another and expect anything in your life to change.


I’m asking you to use thought and feeling to put yourself in the shoes of that future self, that po...free plan limit


When you open your eyes after your meditative session, who do you want to be? What would it feel li...free plan limit


Can you accept the notion that once you change your internal state, you don’t need the external wor...free plan limit


Keep in mind that this cannot be just an intellectual process. Thoughts and feelings must be cohere...free plan limit


these elevated emotions will be available to fuel your creations.


All of these outer stimuli can easily distract us from those unwanted feelings inside.


being possessed by our possessions.


If we wait for anything outside us to make us happy, then we are not following the quantum law. We ...free plan limit


We can learn and change in a state of pain and suffering, or we can do so in a state of joy and ins...free plan limit


Contemplate what you could accomplish if you weren’t focused on survival (a selfish emotion), but i...free plan limit


That’s when I began to feel joyful for no reason. I became happier and happier, and it had nothing ...free plan limit


When you cultivate a new personality in meditation, the abundant yield you seek to create is a new ...free plan limit


Research has discovered a wide scope of brain-wave frequencies in humans, ranging from the very low...free plan limit


in elevated states of consciousness.1


we cling to things we own out of fear that we might lose them, we busy ourselves with places we hav...free plan limit


That leaves us little processing power to pay attention to the changes that we truly want to make—t...free plan limit


It’s difficult for us to focus on our inner reality when we are overfixating on our outer world.


the problems you’re so busy analyzing can’t be resolved within the emotion you are analyzing them i...free plan limit


Once the body is no longer running the mind, the servant is no longer the master and you are workin...free plan limit


when the brain is stressed, its electrical activity will be like an entire orchestra of musical ins...free plan limit


Your job is to play a masterpiece. If you persist with this band of disorderly, egocentric, self-im...free plan limit


She imagined herself as a woman who made all of her choices with an abundance of energy, time, and ...free plan limit


When we make a decision that strongly and have a clear intention for what our new reality will be l...free plan limit


her new personality aligned her behavior to match her objective, and the field responded in an enti...free plan limit


make the decision to stop being your old self, enter into the operating system where those unconsci...free plan limit


Feelings are the language of the body, which in turn is the subconscious mind,


As you release chemicals from your brain to your body, you truly hate yourself.


Einstein said that no problem could be solved from the same level of consciousness that created it.


The more purposefully you are able to manage your thoughts and the more you can feel the joy of bei...free plan limit


Thankfulness is the supreme state of receivership.


Most thoughts are just old circuits in your brain that have become hardwired by your repetitive vol...free plan limit


these are echoes from your past that are connected to strong feelings, which activate old circuits ...free plan limit


Your addictions create your habits.


Those emotions and thoughts represent a low frequency of energy that is consumed by the body.


You understand the importance of focus in attending to both mental and physical activity to mold yo...free plan limit


it is your repeated efforts to rehearse your new ideal that will produce the same level of mind and...free plan limit


The reason why your prayers were hardly ever answered in the past is that you were trying to hold a...free plan limit


Conceive of yourself as a new person—doing certain things; thinking certain ways; and feeling the e...free plan limit


With clarity, hold the image of each manifestation in your mind for a few seconds, and then let it ...free plan limit


the quantum to be executed by a greater mind … then go to the next one … keep going … this is your ...free plan limit


Know that where you place your attention is where you place your energy. The energy that you releas...free plan limit


raw materials for you to use to create a new future.


In a state of divinity, true greatness, and gratitude, create by blessing your life with your own e...free plan limit


You are commanding matter to conform to your intentions…. When you finish, simply let go and know t...free plan limit


way that is perfect for you.


In order for a new experience in reality to happen to you, you have to match your


behavior with your goal; you align your thoughts and your deeds. You must make choices that are con...free plan limit


Radical Honesty: How to Transform Your Life by Telling the Truth, Brad Blanton and Marilyn Ferguson


We don't know who we are, and we try to guess who we ought to be


we have to learn more about the art and science of speaking the truth.


One important rule they try to live by is that the proper way to be angry is to have a fight using ...free plan limit


The three levels are: revealing the facts; honestly expressing current feelings and thoughts; and, ...free plan limit


Trust is my response to a person that I know I can believe. Even if I dislike a person, I can trust...free plan limit


his willingness to be himself honestly.


put on phony behavior in order to please you, you may love my behavior, but you cannot love me, bec...free plan limit


Even when you love in response to my phony behavior, I cannot really receive your love. It is poiso...free plan limit


This vitality of relationship is, in fact, the love we try so desperately to win. It is only availa...free plan limit


If you have never truly embarrassed yourself by what you had to say about yourself, you don't know ...free plan limit


You have to have an ego to give one up.


once you have lost hope, if you keep playing, you re a pro.


Detachment from the goals, projects, and evaluations of the mind is accomplished through a change i...free plan limit


You identify yourself as that light of attention that is on in this moment and was on in those past...free plan limit


Those past moments are merely records that exist in this moment and that's all they are. Who you we...free plan limit


meaning becomes less serious and pretending has become boring.


Honest people speak simply, using language more to describe than to evaluate. Liars evaluate almost...free plan limit


Being honest is not just for the sake of feeling good about being a virtuous person; it is a vital ...free plan limit


Learning how to be honest and being willing to do so is the cure for all non-environmental stress d...free plan limit


It is normal to be unhappy; most people are. It is normal to discover that life doesn't live up to ...free plan limit


By predicting and guardingagainst all negative future outcomes, our minds do the best they can to p...free plan limit


Telling the truth is always interpreted by the mind as a threat to its security.


Instead of an immediate argument or fight, we think hateful


thoughts. Since we are frightened of our anger, we learn to think rather than act when we get angry.


Just as we fear the consequences of expressing anger or sexual feelings, we fear the consequences o...free plan limit


Have you ever noticed that after you have had an uncomfortable encounter with someone in which you ...free plan limit


Recapturing control of your own attention is


thus the first step to overcoming neurosis.


the source of his bodily sensations are his beliefs and fears based on earlier incomplete and unple...free plan limit


"If you can't say anything nice about someone, don't say anything at all."


If you gossip about someone to someone else, you are angry.


The biggest fools of all are the ones wasting their lives pretending not to be fools.


What must be unlearned is the habit of being lost in value judgments that override experience.


The person who says he wants to lose weight, but says he just can't give up midnight snacks, may be...free plan limit


By focusing our attention on our apparent struggle to change


the reasons and explanations and excuses that we generate instead of results we engage in a conspir...free plan limit


You pretend that the "real" you is the one that "wants to."


By focusing on the struggle instead of on the results, we avoid having to admit that the one who wa...free plan limit


In order for things to get better, they must first get worse. In order to get out of debt, we have ...free plan limit


order to lose weight, we have to be in touch with, and confront, how we also want to stay fat.


Willingness to face the abyss of meaninglessness is the power required to accomplish change.


You are the source of your troubles as well as of your successes.


This is hard to do. You have to die to live. Your "pretend" self, that doesn't include your


imperfection, has to die. Then, you again become a whole being. You then have the power you have al...free plan limit


Having an image of who we are and how we should behave is a great constraint on us. Escape from the...free plan limit


You'd like for other people to imagine you the way you want them to. You spend a lot of time sculpt...free plan limit


When you are talking about yourself, you can't be telling the truth about anything but an imagining...free plan limit


do you make love stay?"5 You don't. You let it come and go. Then there is a new opening for new lov...free plan limit


Otherwise the spacefor love no longer exists, being occupied with ashes and bullshit.


What keeps you liberated is interaction with other people interested in staying in contact with the...free plan limit


provide you when they allow you to contribute to them in this way.


Buddha was right, the suffering is built in. If we don't rescue ourselves from our intense attachme...free plan limit


multiple choices


Every time you make up your mind to say yes to one thing you have to decide at the same time to say...free plan limit


We have to acknowledge the built-in nature of our suffering accept both the voice that tells us we'...free plan limit


We must accept and affirm the sacrifice of alternatives and take the pain. There are no short cuts.


instead of becoming overwhelmed, we can focus on choosing a few and discarding the rest, and then a...free plan limit


The good news is that when we choose, act, and let ourselves be, the yammering voice of infinite ch...free plan limit


It may still be there, but its hold over us dies. We need to know how to let all the good and bad i...free plan limit


love dies to be reborn.


When we let die our attachments to remembrances, expectations, moral imperatives, evaluations, comp...free plan limit


Love is being wide open to the present, not blocked by nostalgia for some memory


of the past or anticipationof some new love of the future.


Love of another person happens only in a moment.


Love is never having to say anything.


Science is a formal attempt to agree on the criteria we are willing to accept as a basis of agreeme...free plan limit


commonality of views, we need to work toward common acceptance of the principle of variety. We need...free plan limit


In order to render ourselves fit for such a community of acceptance of multivariant weirdos,


we need to destroy who we think we are.


Who we generally think we are is our "reputations to ourselves." We think we are our memory of our ...free plan limit


since one's mind is aconstant bullshit generator, there is an unlimited supply of fuel.


When we are trying to protect and preserve our image of who we are, much of our time is spent in wo...free plan limit


When we try to improve our image, much of our time is spent in fantasy.


we must learn to get lost in another place. That place is experience.


The full path of growth from birth to maturity consists of. 1. the birth of being, 2. the growth of...free plan limit


Integrity, wholeness, at-one-ness, is the opposite of moralism. Having integrity is the opposite of...free plan limit


has integrity, one doesn't need morals. People with integrity operate with rules of thumb, not mora...free plan limit


Give and Take: A Revolutionary Approach to Success, Adam Grant


givers who excel are willing to ask for help when they need it.


Strong ties provide bonds, but weak ties serve as bridges: they provide more efficient access to ne...free plan limit


Givers don’t burn out when they devote too much time and energy to giving. They burn out when they’...free plan limit


Taylor’s neuroscience research reveals that when we feel stressed, the brain’s natural response is ...free plan limit


By consistently overriding their selfish impulses in order to help others, they had strengthened th...free plan limit


This is otherish giving: you get to choose who you help, and it benefits you by improving your mood.


Economists call it the warm glow of giving, and psychologists call it the helper’s high.


you can have bigger impact if you know what to ask, rather than knowing what to say. I don’t learn ...free plan limit


The 4-Hour Work Week: Escape the 9-5, Live Anywhere and Join the New Rich, Timothy Ferriss


To have an uncommon lifestyle, you need to develop the uncommon habit of making decisions, both for...free plan limit


ROI of this analytical fat-cutting


working every hour from 9–5 isn’t the goal; it’s simply the structure most people use, whether it’s...free plan limit


Most things make no difference. Being busy is a form of laziness—lazy thinking and indiscriminate a...free plan limit


The best employees have the most leverage.


Parkinson’s Law dictates that a task will swell in (perceived) importance and complexity in relatio...free plan limit


The best solution is to use both together: Identify the few critical tasks that contribute most to ...free plan limit


Am I being productive or just active?


Am I inventing things to do to avoid the important?


Most information is time-consuming, negative, irrelevant to your goals, and outside of your influen...free plan limit


Learn to be difficult when it counts. In school as in life, having a reputation for being assertive...free plan limit


Keep the customer happy. If it is a problem that takes less than $100 to fix, use your judgment and...free plan limit


I am no longer your customer; my customers are your customer. Don’t ask me for permission. Do what ...free plan limit


basics of management are covered in a 2–4-week test costing between $100–400.


This is an investment, not an expense,


Each delegated task must be both time-consuming and well-defined.


our target product can’t take more than $500 to test, it has to lend itself to automation within fo...free plan limit


cash flow and time. With these two currencies, all other things are possible. Without them, nothing...free plan limit


CREATING DEMAND IS hard. Filling demand is much easier.


Don’t create a product, then seek someone to sell it to. Find a market—define your customers—then f...free plan limit


Low media cost and lack of competition enabled me to dominate with the first “neural accelerator”26...free plan limit


It is more profitable to be a big fish in a small pond than a small undefined fish in a big pond.


I personally aim for an 8–10× markup, which means a $100 product can’t cost me more than $10–12.50....free plan limit


I have found that a price range of $50–200 per sale provides the most profit for the least customer...free plan limit


Aim for a combination of formats that will lend itself to $50–200 pricing, such as a combination of...free plan limit


create a high enough perceived value.


1. How can you tailor a general skill for your market—


2. What skills are you interested in that you—and others in your markets—would pay to learn?


3. What experts could you interview and record to create a sellable audio CD?


4. Do you have a failure-to-success story that could be turned into a how-to product for others?


superior positioning,


Emulating the client-grooming techniques of some of the best PR firms in New York City and Los Ange...free plan limit


credibility snowball effect.


1. Join two or three related trade organizations


2. Read the three top-selling books


3. Give one free one-to-three-hour seminar


4. Optional: Offer to write one or two articles for trade magazines


5. Join ProfNet,


Getting PR is simple if you stop shouting and start listening.


In modern PR terms, proof of expertise in most fields is shown with group affiliations, client list...free plan limit


intuition and experience are poor predictors of which products and businesses will be profitable.


can Sherwood and Johanna differentiate themselves?


Use more credibility indicators? (media, academia, associations, and testimonials) Create a better ...free plan limit


e-mail sign-up for a free “top 10 tips” list for using yoga for rock climbing.


create a process-driven instead of founder-driven business.


Limiting contact with managers forces the entrepreneur to develop operational rules that enable oth...free plan limit


The more options you offer the customer, the more indecision you create and the fewer orders you re...free plan limit


Offer one fast method instead and charge a premium.


“If these shirts are not the most comfortable you’ve ever worn, return them and get 2-times your pu...free plan limit


There are two types of mistakes: mistakes of ambition and mistakes of sloth.


Slowing down doesn’t mean accomplishing less; it means cutting out counterproductive distractions a...free plan limit


Learn to turn down the static of the mind so you can appreciate more before doing more:


Not performing a thorough 80/20 analysis every two to four weeks for your business and personal life


Blowing minutiae and small problems out of proportion as an excuse to work


If you don’t have attention, you don’t have time.


As tempting as it is to “just check e-mail for one minute,” I didn’t do it. I know from experience ...free plan limit


Time without attention is worthless, so value attention over time.


Even when you’re not traveling the world, develop the habit of letting small bad things happen.


Adversity doesn’t build character; it reveals it.


It doesn’t matter how many people don’t get it. What matters is how many people do.


You had time but you didn’t have attention, so the time had no practical value.


Considering options costs attention that then can’t be spent on action or present-state awareness. ...free plan limit


Don’t strive for variation—and thus increase option consideration—when it’s not needed. Routine ena...free plan limit


E-mail can wait until 10 A.M., after you’ve completed at least one of your critical to-do items.


Do not work more to fix overwhelmingness—prioritize.


PROFITABILITY OFTEN REQUIRES better rules and speed, not more time.


The financial goal of a start-up should be simple: profit in the least time with the least effort. ...free plan limit


Niche Is the New Big—


Who you portray in your marketing isn’t necessarily the only demographic who buys your product—it’s...free plan limit


Focus on creating end-user demand so you can dictate terms.


The Art of Loving, Erich Fromm


love makes him overcome the sense of isolation and separateness, yet it permits him to be himself, ...free plan limit


In love the paradox occurs that two beings become one and yet remain two.


The hoarder who is anxiously worried about losing something is, psychologically speaking, the poor,...free plan limit


He gives of himself, of the most precious he has, he gives of his life. This does not necessarily m...free plan limit


and manifestations of that which is alive in him. In thus giving of his life, he enriches the other...free plan limit


Giving implies to make the other person a giver also and they both share in the joy of what they ha...free plan limit


In the act of giving something is born, and both persons involved are grateful for the life that is


born for both of them.


“man as man, and his relation to the world as a human one, and you can exchange love only for love,...free plan limit


But not only in love does giving mean receiving. The teacher is taught by his students, the actor i...free plan limit


Love is the active concern for the life and the growth of that which we love.


Respect means the concern that the other person should grow and unfold as he is. Respect, thus, imp...free plan limit


the attempt is given up to know God by thought, and it is replaced by the experience of union with ...free plan limit


Sexual attraction between the sexes is only partly motivated by the need for removal of tension;


Mature love follows the principle: “I am loved because I love.” Immature love says: “I love you bec...free plan limit


Love is not primarily a relationship to a specific person; it is an attitude, an orientation of cha...free plan limit


One neglects to see an important factor in erotic love, that of will. To love somebody is not just ...free plan limit


If an individual is able to love productively, he loves himself too; if he can love only others, he...free plan limit


Getting Started with AWS, Amazon Web Services


A security group acts as a virtual firewall for your instance to control inbound and outbound traff...free plan limit


Amazon Route 53 is a highly available and scalable cloud Domain Name System (DNS) web service.


Amazon Route 53 enables you to organize your DNS records using hosted zones


A load balancer distributes traffic to multiple instances.


The Wisdom of No Escape: How to Love Yourself and Your World, Pema Chödrön


not to lie, not to steal, not to engage in sexual activity, not to take life, and not to use alcoho...free plan limit


they often think that somehow they’re going to improve, which is a sort of subtle aggression agains...free plan limit


Meditation practice isn’t about trying to throw ourselves away and become something better. It’s ab...free plan limit


The Hard Thing About Hard Things: Building a Business When There Are No Easy Answers, Ben Horowitz


Media companies focused on things like creating great stories whereas technology companies focused ...free plan limit


No matter who you are, you need two kinds of friends in your life. The first kind is one you can ca...free plan limit


actually be more excited for you than he would be if it had happened to him. The second kind of fri...free plan limit


The innovator can take into account everything that’s possible, but often must go against what she ...free plan limit


Mini Habits: Smaller Habits, Bigger Results, Stephen Guise


What really matters is recognizing the signs of a behavior becoming a habit, after which you can sw...free plan limit


The basic premise of this chapter is NOT that motivation is a bad thing, but that it's an unreliabl...free plan limit


Unlike motivation, willpower can be strengthened like a muscle.


You can, however, improve your ability to take action despite feeling resistance due to emotional t...free plan limit


move forward one centimeter and let momentum help you out?


The Fortune Cookie Principle : The 20 Keys to a Great Brand Story and Why Your Business Needs One., Bernadette Jiwa


people are easier to reach, but in fact, they are harder to engage.


Real marketing is built into what you do and why you do it.


The cookie is the commodity, the utility, the tangible product. The cookie is the thing you put in ...free plan limit


PRODUCT – MEANING = COMMODITY PRODUCT + MEANING = BRAND


success was less about dominance and more about significance.


Flow: The Psychology of Happiness, Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi


The pursuit of a goal brings order in awareness because a person must concentrate attention on the ...free plan limit


A person who has achieved control over psychic energy and has invested it in consciously chosen goa...free plan limit


To deal with these obstacles, every culture develops with time protective devices—religions, philos...free plan limit


they usually seek to maximize pleasures that are either biologically programmed in their genes or a...free plan limit


Only direct control of experience, the ability to derive moment-by-moment enjoyment from everything...free plan limit


How we feel about ourselves, the joy we get from living, ultimately depend directly on how the mind...free plan limit


The problem arises when people are so fixated on what they want to achieve that they cease to deriv...free plan limit


The unwarranted sense of security sooner or later results in a rude awakening.


while humankind collectively has increased its material powers a thousandfold, it has not advanced ...free plan limit


If a person learns to enjoy and find meaning in the ongoing stream of experience, in the process of...free plan limit


control over the quality of experience.


consciousness has developed the ability to override its genetic instructions and to set its own ind...free plan limit


one must find ways to order consciousness so as to be in control of feelings and thoughts.


an individual can experience only so much. Therefore, the information we allow into consciousness b...free plan limit


Information enters consciousness either because we intend to focus attention on it or as a result o...free plan limit


Some people learn to use this priceless resource efficiently, while others waste it.


The mark of a person who is in control of consciousness is the ability to focus attention at will, ...free plan limit


disciplining her attention and refusing to diffuse it on unproductive thoughts or activities.


Each person allocates his or her limited attention either by focusing it intentionally like a beam ...free plan limit


The shape and content of life depend on how attention has been used.


Attention can be invested in innumerable ways, ways that can make life either rich or miserable.


I, or the self as we shall refer to it from now on, is also one of the contents of consciousness.


we are usually aware of only a tiny part of it, as when we become conscious of how we look, of what...free plan limit


the self is in many ways the most important element of consciousness,


Attention shapes the self, and is in turn shaped by it.


experience depends on the way we invest psychic energy—on the structure of attention.


even these marvelous events must take their place in consciousness, and be connected in positive wa...free plan limit


One of the main forces that affects consciousness adversely is psychic disorder—that is, informatio...free plan limit


more attention is freed to deal with the outer and the inner environment.


When a person is able to organize his or her consciousness so as to experience flow as often as pos...free plan limit


In flow we are in control of our psychic energy, and everything we do adds order to consciousness.


The “battle” is not really against the self, but against the entropy that brings disorder to consci...free plan limit


The self becomes more differentiated as a result of flow because overcoming a challenge inevitably ...free plan limit


After each episode of flow a person becomes more of a unique individual, less predictable, possesse...free plan limit


consciousness is unusually well ordered.


Thoughts, intentions, feelings, and all the senses are focused on the same goal.


Experience is in harmony.


A bond like that with other people is in itself an ecstasy.”


When we choose a goal and invest ourselves in it to the limits of our concentration, whatever we do...free plan limit


This is the way the self grows.


Flow is important both because it makes the present instant more enjoyable,


builds the self-confidence that allows us to develop skills and make significant contributions to h...free plan limit


to create more harmony in it and to liberate the psychic energy that otherwise would be wasted in b...free plan limit


THERE ARE TWO main strategies we can adopt to improve the quality of life. The first is to try maki...free plan limit


To improve life one must improve the quality of experience.


Sleep, rest, food, and sex provide restorative homeostatic experiences that return consciousness to...free plan limit


But they do not produce psychological growth. They do not add complexity to the self.


confront tasks we have a chance of completing.


able to concentrate on what we are doing.


clear goals and provides immediate feedback.


one acts with a deep but effortless involvement that removes from awareness the worries and frustra...free plan limit


concern for the self disappears,


the sense of the duration of time is altered;


Competition is enjoyable only when it is a means to perfect one’s skills; when it becomes an end in...free plan limit


Games, sports, and artistic and literary forms were developed over the centuries for the express pu...free plan limit


Enjoyment appears at the boundary between boredom and anxiety, when the challenges are just balance...free plan limit


In some creative activities, where goals are not clearly set in advance, a person must develop a st...free plan limit


how their enjoyment derives not from the danger itself, but from their ability to minimize it.


the positive emotion they enjoy is the perfectly healthy feeling of being able to control potential...free plan limit


When not preoccupied with our selves, we actually have a chance to expand the concept of who we are.


The key element of an optimal experience is that it is an end in itself.


self-contained activity, one that is done not with the expectation of some future benefit, but simp...free plan limit


doing itself is the reward.


when the experience is autotelic, the person is paying attention to the activity for its own sake; ...free plan limit


Most things we do are neither purely autotelic nor purely exotelic


cruelty is a universal source of enjoyment for people who have not developed more sophisticated ski...free plan limit


It is good only in that it has the potential to make life more rich, intense, and meaningful;


is good because it increases the strength and complexity of the self.


The task is to learn how to enjoy everyday life without diminishing other people’s chances to enjoy...free plan limit


Occasionally flow may occur by chance, because of a fortunate coincidence of external and internal ...free plan limit


If extrinsic goals—such as beating the opponent, wanting to impress an audience, or obtaining a big...free plan limit


an incentive to focus consciousness on what is happening.


Any activity that transforms the way we perceive reality is enjoyable, a fact that accounts for the...free plan limit


too much psychic energy is wrapped up in the self,


Under these conditions it is difficult to become interested in intrinsic goals,


lose oneself in an activity that offers no rewards outside the interaction itself.


investment of attention actually seemed to decrease mental effort.


people who can enjoy themselves in a variety of situations have the ability to screen out stimulati...free plan limit


for people who have learned to control consciousness focusing attention is relatively effortless, b...free plan limit


teenagers who had certain types of relationship with their parents were significantly more happy, s...free plan limit


clarity: the teenagers feel that


they know what their parents expect from them—goals and feedback


second is centering, or the children’s perception that their parents are interested in what they ar...free plan limit


choice: children feel that they have a variety of possibilities from which to choose, including tha...free plan limit


commitment, or the trust that allows the child to feel comfortable enough to set aside the shield o...free plan limit


“autotelic family context,”


what makes some people able to achieve this internal control, while most others are swept away by e...free plan limit


the most important trait of survivors is a “nonself-conscious individualism,” or a strongly directe...free plan limit


intrinsically motivated in their actions, they are not easily disturbed by external threats. With e...free plan limit


they have a better chance of discovering in them new opportunities for action.


How to keep love fresh? The answer is the same as it is for any other activity. To be enjoyable, a ...free plan limit

Notes: 1) how to keep love relationship fresh 


even till the final stage of liberation, the yogin must maintain control over consciousness. He cou...free plan limit


Music, which is organized auditory information, helps organize the mind that attends to it, and the...free plan limit


Only through freely chosen discipline can life be enjoyed,


We don’t usually notice how little control we have over the mind, because habits channel psychic en...free plan limit


Unless a person knows how to give order to his or her thoughts,


curiosity, careful observation, a disciplined way of recording events, and finding ways to tease ou...free plan limit


Yet unless one learns to tolerate and even enjoy being alone, it is very difficult to accomplish an...free plan limit


it is essential to find ways to control consciousness even when we are left to our own devices.


When they are asked to list pleasant activities that improve their mood for the entire day, the kin...free plan limit


while chemicals do alter the content and the organization of consciousness, they do not expand or i...free plan limit


they do so without adding to our ability to order them effectively.


What they fail to do is develop any of the attentional habits that might lead to a greater complexi...free plan limit


although painful, is at least controllable—since we are the ones causing it.


The way to grow while enjoying life is to create a higher form of order out of the entropy that is ...free plan limit


When physical vigor fails with age, for example, it means that one will be ready to turn one’s ener...free plan limit


regardless of what is happening externally, then one has learned how to shape the quality of life.


those addicted to pleasure, lacking skills and discipline and therefore unable to fend for themselv...free plan limit


Unless a person learns to enjoy it, much of life will be spent desperately trying to avoid its ill ...free plan limit


Cicero once wrote that to be completely free one must become a slave to a set of


Unless the partners invest psychic energy in the relationship, conflicts are inevitable, simply bec...free plan limit


More than anything else they involve paying attention to the partner’s own complexity,


acceptance, control, and self-confidence to the adolescent.


Health, money, and other material advantages may or may not improve life. Unless a person has learn...free plan limit


a person who knows how to find flow from life is able to enjoy even situations that seem to allow o...free plan limit


Learning to live again was in itself a matter of enjoyment and pride,


and they were able to turn the accident from a source of entropy into an occasion of inner order.


What does it benefit to man if he gains the entire world, but loses himself?


distilled everyday life into a goal of hallucinatory clarity: to control his consciousness in order...free plan limit


The peak in the development of coping skills is reached when a young man or woman has achieved a st...free plan limit


For some people the strength derives from a goal that involves identification with the family, with...free plan limit


For others, it depends on mastery of a harmonious system of symbols, such as art, music, or physics.


those who know how to transform a hopeless situation into a new flow activity that can be controlled


Unselfconscious self-assurance.


their energy is typically not bent on dominating their environment as much as on finding a way to f...free plan limit


his goals, his intentions take precedence over everything else.


Their ego involvement prevents them from coping effectively with frustration and from realizing the...free plan limit


Focusing attention on the world.


if your attention is completely absorbed by the goal of making it to the office in time,


The discovery of new solutions.


or else he will waste his energies in inner turmoil.


“a self that has self-contained goals,”


For most people, goals are shaped directly by biological needs and social conventions, and therefor...free plan limit


experience evaluated in consciousness,


1. Setting goals.


it is she who has chosen whatever goal she is pursuing.


having a feeling of ownership of her decisions,


actions are reliable


internally controlled.


knowing them to be her own, she can more easily modify her goals


an autotelic person’s behavior is both more consistent and more flexible. 2. Becoming immersed in t...free plan limit


Some people begin with unrealistic expectations,


When their hopes are dashed, most become despondent, and their selves wither from the loss of psych...free plan limit


At the other extreme, many people stagnate because they do not trust their own potential. They choo...free plan limit


To achieve involvement with an action system, one must find a relatively close mesh between the dem...free plan limit


People who suffer from attentional disorders, who cannot keep their minds from wandering, always fe...free plan limit


3. Paying attention to what is happening.


it is the other way around: it is the very lack of self-consciousness that makes deep involvement p...free plan limit


4. Learning to enjoy immediate experience.


Being in control of the mind


determination and discipline.


transform random events into flow, one must develop skills that stretch capacities,


make one become more than what one is.


Creating meaning involves bringing order to the contents of the mind by integrating one’s actions i...free plan limit


To experience flow one must set goals for one’s actions:


The goal in itself is usually not important;


what matters is that it focuses a person’s attention and involves it in an achievable, enjoyable ac...free plan limit


whatever it is, wherever it comes from, a unified purpose is what gives meaning to life.


unifying purpose that justifies the things they do day in, day out


goal that like a magnetic field attracts their psychic energy, a goal upon which all lesser goals d...free plan limit


This goal will define the challenges that a person needs to face in order to transform his or her l...free plan limit


individual life appears to consist of a series of different “games,” with different goals and chall...free plan limit


The price one pays for changing goals whenever opposition threatens is that while one may achieve a...free plan limit


Because there is no absolute certainty to which to turn, each person must discover ultimate purpose...free plan limit


Inner conflict is the result of competing claims on attention.


the only way to reduce conflict is by sorting out the essential claims from those that are not,


arbitrating priorities among those that remain.


In other words, the goals that have sustained action over a period turn out not to have enough powe...free plan limit


Detached reflection upon experience, a realistic weighing of options and their consequences,


When there are too many demands, options, challenges, we become anxious; when too few, we get bored.


identify a set of goals linked to an ultimate goal that gives significance


Nothing Special, Charlotte J. Beck and Steven A. Smith


In the struggle to gain control we go faster, we strain, we try harder, we squeeze people tighter, ...free plan limit


That surrender and opening into something fresh and new is the consequence of experiencing pain, no...free plan limit


We have to relinquish our sense of entitlement—our sense that life owes us this and that. For examp...free plan limit


We have to recognize that we cannot manipulate life to satisfy ourselves, and that finding fault wi...free plan limit


“Love is not shared pleasure. It is shared pain.”


We can’t use it to correct itself; we can’t use our little mind to correct the little mind.


This point is particularly hard for intellectuals to absorb, since they have spent a lifetime using...free plan limit


That which observes is not thinking,


We have to notice how the mind produces these swarms of self-centered thoughts, thus creating tensi...free plan limit


With persistence, it becomes easier.


Sitting is like our daily lives: what comes up as we sit will be the thinking that we want to cling...free plan limit


A truly enlightened person is one who can transform the energy nearly all of the time.


if we sit well, over time we become less and less engaged in interpersonal mischief, harming oursel...free plan limit


We can’t wipe out what we have done in the past; we’ve done it. Feeling guilty about it is a way of...free plan limit


Religious practice is about atonement, practicing with our lives, seeing our desire to sacrifice ot...free plan limit


Attachment is when we can’t envision life without it.


the original oneness—that center of multidimensional energy—remains undisturbed. There’s no way tha...free plan limit


When we’re engaged in pure activity, we’re a presence, an awareness. But that’s all we are. And tha...free plan limit


There is always some value in practice that has dualistic characteristics. A certain amount of trai...free plan limit


Moderate pain is a good teacher. Life itself presents pain as well as inconvenience. If we don’t kn...free plan limit


If we don’t understand ourselves in relation to pain, we run from it when it appears, and we lose t...free plan limit


Later on another crisis may arise, perhaps after five or ten years of sitting, when we begin to und...free plan limit


A verse from the Tao Te Ching states, “The best athlete / wants his opponent at his best. / The bes...free plan limit


As long as we have any intention to be right, to show or teach the other person something, we shoul...free plan limit


long as our words have the slightest ego attachment, they are dishonest.


The ancient words say, “Do you have the patience to wait until your mind settles and the water is c...free plan limit


That’s a wonderful way of putting the point: can we be quiet for a moment, until the right words ar...free plan limit


Behind our judgments is always anger or fear. It’s helpful to experience the anger or fear directly...free plan limit


All that we can do is to prepare the necessary conditions.


The Dip: The Extraordinary Benefits of Knowing When to Quit (and When to Stick), Seth Godin


Best as in: best for them, right now, based on what they believe and what they know. And in the wor...free plan limit


Best is subjective. I (the consumer) get to decide, not you. World is selfish. It’s my definition, ...free plan limit


The world is getting larger because I can now look everywhere when I want to find something (or som...free plan limit


The Dip creates scarcity; scarcity creates value.


Are you over-investing (really significantly overinvesting) time and money so that you have a much ...free plan limit


if you don’t have enough time and money, do you have the guts to pick a different, smaller market t...free plan limit


If we can’t be #1 or #2 in an industry, we must get out.


Before you enter a new market, consider what would happen if you managed to get through the Dip and...free plan limit


The next time you catch yourself being average when you feel like quitting, realize that you have o...free plan limit


Yes, you should (you must) quit a product or a feature or a design—you need to do it regularly if y...free plan limit


you mustn’t quit a market or a strategy or a niche.


“Never quit something with great long-term potential just because you can’t deal with the stress of...free plan limit


QUESTION 1: AM I PANICKING?


The reason so many of us quit in the Dip is that without a compass or a plan, the easiest thing to ...free plan limit


QUESTION 2: WHO AM I TRYING TO INFLUENCE?


If you’re considering quitting, it’s almost certainly because you’re not being successful at your c...free plan limit


One person or organization will behave differently than a market of people will.


One person has a particular agenda and a single worldview. One person will make up his mind and if ...free plan limit


But most of the people in the market have never even heard of you. The market doesn’t have just one...free plan limit


Sergey Brin, cofounder of Google, told me, “We knew that Google was going to get better every singl...free plan limit


Influencing a market, on the other hand, is more of a hill than a wall. You can make progress, one ...free plan limit


QUESTION 3: WHAT SORT OF MEASURABLE PROGRESS AM I MAKING?


The challenge, then, is to surface new milestones in areas where you have previously expected to fi...free plan limit


it’s much cheaper and easier to build your foundation in one market than to flit from one to anothe...free plan limit


Quitting a job is not quitting your quest to make a living or a difference or an impact.


If you are making a decision based on how you feel at that moment, you will probably make the wrong...free plan limit


How dare you squander that resource by spreading it too thin.


If you’ve got as much as you’ve got, use it. Use it to become the best in the world, to change the ...free plan limit


In order to get through that Dip, you’ll need to quit everything else. If it’s not going to put a d...free plan limit


Can we make the world smaller?


The Psychology of Price: How to use price to increase demand, profit and customer satisfaction, Leigh Caldwell


the positioning of the product makes a huge difference to how much people will pay for it.


Each time you identify a benefit, ask yourself what deeper need that benefit fulfils, until you get...free plan limit


it’s influenced by how much you ask for the product, what else is sitting around them in the shop, ...free plan limit


what is the range of willingness to pay across your potential customer base?


what factors do they value which you can use to customise and differentiate your product range?


Well-Designed: How to Use Empathy to Create Products People Love, Jon Kolko


Airbnb,

Notes: 1) airbnb 


are you building it for yourself, or are you building it for how you believe most people will react...free plan limit


It’s important and really powerful to get out of your own head and think about how other people wil...free plan limit


computer systems have become much less about the can you build it and how does it actually work, an...free plan limit


all these companies are based on these much simpler principles of how people interact. Figure out t...free plan limit


Your


job is to figure out who your users are, what they want to be able to do, and what the right produc...free plan limit


You need to sell, engage, learn, and listen, and get the whole team excited to go do it.


You have to be confident in what you believe in, but humble in what you are learning and listening ...free plan limit


you have to set a vision, a North Star, or a key problem you are trying to solve. Then you use one ...free plan limit


No, it isn’t that the market wasn’t ready. It’s that the product team wasn’t reading the trends of ...free plan limit


how successful products come from everyone on the team knowing what you are doing and why you are d...free plan limit


A failure makes you think of something you have never thought of before. You need room for that. Th...free plan limit


to build the things you yourself are curious about. Because even if you fail, you’ll learn somethin...free plan limit


A “design strategy” is a long-term plan that’s focused on how best to tame technology. The playbook...free plan limit


customer will buy or use a specific product not just because of what it does, but also because of h...free plan limit


what can someone feel after using or acquiring your product that he couldn’t feel before using or a...free plan limit


That was a product decision purposely to enhance an emotional value proposition and design strategy.


Elon Musk: How the Billionaire CEO of SpaceX and Tesla is shaping our Future, Ashlee Vance


the really tough things is figuring out what questions to ask,” Musk said. “Once you figure out the...free plan limit


Tell The Truth: Honesty Is Your Most Powerful Marketing Tool, Sue Unerman and Jonathan Salem Baskin


Truth is often a synonym for an opinion, belief, or narrowly defined slice of information.


deepen their consumer relationships through sharing content that


people needed, wanted, and used.


innovative ways to address the truth and use it to their competitive advantage.


A truthful idea sticks with us and makes its source more credible even if we’re not thrilled with i...free plan limit


truth”—the enablement of truth versus the declaration of


Brands are ideas and promises created by people who are speaking on behalf of the business operatio...free plan limit


You can’t own the truth. Nobody can. It emerges (and changes) from the conversation.


It’s a process of truth creation


The messages in most marketing


communications are intended for one purpose, namely, to be remembered. Retention is the desired out...free plan limit


Say it simply. Adjectives are often the enemy of truth.


The Truth: An Uncomfortable Book About Relationships, Neil Strauss


I used to think that intelligence came from books and knowledge and rational thought. But that’s no...free plan limit


unmistakably that you don’t have to think about it. In fact, all thinking will do is lead you away ...free plan limit


Suddenly there seem to be very few adults in the world, just suffering children and overcompensatin...free plan limit


Just know that you’re going to experience jealousy, and know that it’s about you, not her.


So allow yourself to be vulnerable. Don’t be afraid to show your feelings and needs, and work throu...free plan limit


“All the things you’ve been trying to get from these relationships—freedom, understanding, fairness...free plan limit


Oversubscribed: How to Get People Lining Up to Do Business with You, Daniel Priestley


Your goal is place a high value on what you do and work with people who do as well. Set your bounda...free plan limit


your space so you can deliver something special.


Your job is to celebrate the people who are already buying from you and to hold them in the highest...free plan limit


When you develop a clear philosophy and you put it out to the world you'll begin to create your own...free plan limit


What's your philosophy? What are your strongly held beliefs about what you do? What do you stand fo...free plan limit


A big part of becoming oversubscribed involves having the courage to signal your intentions before ...free plan limit


you'll never become oversubscribed if you're not willing to name your terms.


My business really took off when we focused on helping people to develop and achieve a deeper perso...free plan limit


Rather than focusing on creating new things for people to buy, make it about creating new things fo...free plan limit


Being oversubscribed isn't a marketing exercise for me. It's about playing full out so that I can i...free plan limit


Meaningful: The Story of Ideas That Fly, Bernadette Jiwa


Success is not what you make, but the difference that it makes in people’s lives.


it’s to make things that enable people to be better versions of themselves—and to show them their w...free plan limit


Everyone Believes It; Most Will Be Wrong: Motley Thoughts on Investing and the Economy, Morgan Housel


Control over what they're doing, progress in what they're pursuing, being connected with others, an...free plan limit


Bang: The Most Infamous Pickup Book In The World, Roosh V


I’ve been rejected more than most guys I know, but I’ve also been with more women than most guys I ...free plan limit


A man who doesn’t get rejected is one who isn’t reaching his true potential.


“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.”


The Space Within: Finding Your Way Back Home, Michael Neill


Every problem we have in life is the result of losing our bearings and getting caught up in the con...free plan limit


David Bohm said, ‘Thought creates our world and then says, “I didn’t do it.”’


we are not our thinking,


we are the space where thoughts arise,


my emotions weren’t reflecting my nature – that they were in fact simply surface fluctuations atop ...free plan limit


You’d take comfort in the


fact that no matter what was going on with the roller coaster, the river was always effortlessly su...free plan limit


Even as you expand into higher levels of consciousness and understanding, you still


take the lower levels with you. And instead of using spiritual understanding as an avoidance strate...free plan limit


I’m less hypnotized by my highs and frightened by my lows. I can sob without suffering and feel fea...free plan limit


while I may still find myself in a crappy mood from time to time, it hardly seems worth thinking ab...free plan limit


I recognized that the only thing between me and my wellbeing was a thought, and that I didn’t even ...free plan limit


‘the unconditioned mind,’


There is a world of difference between experiencing an absence of thought and the presence of Mind.


the idea of having to do anything to experience peace of Mind is as bizarre as the idea that a fish...free plan limit


When we use it to create insecurity, worry, and fear, we live inside a cage with bars of our own ma...free plan limit


the less we have on our


mind, the higher our level of performance. The more we have on our mind, the more we’re prone to be...free plan limit


You don’t need to control your thoughts to be free of them.


In more than 25 years spent working with high-achievers, I’ve noticed that the people who consisten...free plan limit


learned to switch off their personal thinking just enough to open up the space for a deeper guidanc...free plan limit


It isn’t always brilliant and it isn’t always wise, but the more I look to my inner wisdom for guid...free plan limit


stress and pressure weren’t conducive to creative innovation.


inner knowing was both inevitable and inevitably worth waiting for.


This is the mind at its best – operating in the clarity of knowing or not


knowing without the infinite shades of gray that come with trying to force an answer or ‘make thing...free plan limit


all the stress and struggle I’d been experiencing wasn’t because I didn’t know what to do: it was t...free plan limit


The next person will come into our life. The next opportunity will knock. When it’s time, it’ll be ...free plan limit


‘Those who danced were thought insane by those who could not hear the music.’


How To Get to the Top of Google - The Plain English Guide to SEO (including latest Google Updates and Penalty Recovery), Tim Kitchen


meta name=”description”


The Fast Diet: Revised and Updated: Lose Weight, Stay Healthy, Live Longer, Dr Michael Mosley and Mimi Spencer


IGF-1, Insulin-Like Growth Factor 1. IGF-1, as its name implies, has growth-promoting effects on al...free plan limit


HIT makes your muscles produce new and more efficient mitochondria, the tiny power plants in your c...free plan limit


the stress caused by HIT leads to the release of large amounts of catecholamines


Create Or Hate: Successful People Make Things, Dan Norris


To find a few ideas that work, you need to try a lot that don’t. It’s a pure numbers game.” Being c...free plan limit


“It’s better to create something that others criticize than to create nothing & criticize others.”


If you don’t allow Hate to feed and breed, you can turn your focus to making things. Your creator c...free plan limit


Any time you engage in negativity, you feed Hate and starve Create. Every time you make something a...free plan limit


it attacks your desire to make things, which is what you need to do to survive.


Most of our creative output happens when we aren’t working. Much like how a bodybuilder’s muscles g...free plan limit


Learn how to use your time more productively to free up time for making things.


Things like single-tasking, smaller projects,


tracking your progress, setting goals, doing timed work sessions free of interruption, and adding a...free plan limit


productivity breeds creativity.


Skill learning of any kind is accomplished by trial and error, mentally correcting aim after an err...free plan limit


rarely does anything worth doing creatively have a guaranteed outcome.


they aim to give away their product for free and hope 3% of their audience will sign up for the pai...free plan limit


Hate will have you see a 97% chance of failure as a reason not to try. Creators will use it as a mo...free plan limit


“Everything that needs to be said has already been said. But since no one was listening, everything...free plan limit


Austin Kleon, in his book, Steal Like an Artist, puts it this way: “What a good artist understands ...free plan limit


before. Nothing is completely original.”


If it’s already been done, good. Do it again, and


do it better.


“Your visions will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, drea...free plan limit


“Acknowledging the good that you already have in your life is the foundation for all abundance.”


Great marketers have deep empathy for the customer, and a true understanding of who they are, what ...free plan limit


Copywriters know that the secret to great copy is to have deep empathy.


Perfectionism is another trick Hate will use to stop you from making things.


“Done is better than perfect”?


“When a painter talks about her ‘work’, she could be talking about two different things: There’s th...free plan limit


pieces of art, but not about spending all day every day slaving over the canvas, then it’s probably...free plan limit


success isn’t built on chills. It’s built on constantly making things.


entrepornography.


If you want to be an actively creative person, you have to create more than you consume.


“when it comes to creative work, limitations mean freedom.”


Don’t fall into the trap of consuming more than you create, but consume as much as you need to help...free plan limit


Positioning: The Battle for Your Mind, 20th Anniversary Edition, Al Ries and Jack Trout


You have to sharpen your message to cut into the mind. You have to jettison the ambiguities, simpli...free plan limit


You look for the solution to your problem inside the prospect's mind.


You look for the solution to your problem inside the prospect's mind.


since so little of your message is going to get through anyway, you ignore the sending side and con...free plan limit


accept the perceptions as reality and then restructure those perceptions to create the position you...free plan limit


What's called luck is usually an outgrowth of successful communication.


Saying the right things to the right person at the right time.


The easy way to get into a person's mind is to be first.


"It's better to be first than it is to be better" is by far the most powerful positioning idea.


first being better than best.


Consider those that challenged leaders:


It's better to be a big fish in a small pond (and then increase the size of the pond) than to be a ...free plan limit


"If you can't be first in a category, then set up a new category you can be first in" is the second...free plan limit


create a position in the prospect's mind.


takes into consideration not only a company's own strengths and weaknesses, but those of its compet...free plan limit


the mind rejects information that doesn't "compute." It accepts only that new information which mat...free plan limit


To put a new brand into the mind, you have to delete or reposition the old brand that already occup...free plan limit


Blind taste testings of champagne have often ranked California brands above French ones. With the l...free plan limit


You taste what you expect to taste.


the average human mind cannot deal with more than seven units at a time.


Moving up the ladder in the mind can be extremely difficult if the brands above have a strong footh...free plan limit


unless it's related to the old.


That's why if you have a truly new product, it's often better to tell the prospect what the product...free plan limit


The first automobile, for example, was called a "horseless" carriage, a name which allowed the publ...free plan limit


It has to do with "considering" competitive strengths and weaknesses before you launch a marketing ...free plan limit


Leaders should not try to drive their competitors out of business. They need them to create a categ...free plan limit


Consumers are like chickens. They are much more comfortable with a pecking order that everybody kno...free plan limit


Where is the customer benefit in being more expensive? Nevertheless, these brands were the first to...free plan limit


The Emotional Craft of Fiction: How to Write the Story Beneath the Surface, Donald Maass


how can I get readers to go on emotional journeys of their own?


we remember not the art but the impact.


Hooks may hook, twists may intrigue, tension may turn pages, and prose may dazzle, but all of those...free plan limit


characters become real to us but that is because of what they cause us to feel. Characters aren’t a...free plan limit


Mastering the emotional craft of fiction starts with understanding how emotional impact is produced...free plan limit


report what characters are feeling so effectively that readers feel something too.


provoke in readers what characters may be feeling by implying their inner state through external ac...free plan limit


cause readers to feel something that a story’s characters do not themselves feel.


The Complete Guide to Fasting: Heal Your Body Through Intermittent, Alternate-Day, and Extended, Jason Fung and Jimmy Moore


The key hormone involved in both the storage and use of food energy is insulin, which rises during ...free plan limit


the most effective method of reducing insulin is to avoid all foods altogether.


Regularly lowering insulin levels leads to improved insulin sensitivity—


Meals very effectively suppress the secretion of growth hormone,


The most potent natural stimulus to growth hormone secretion is fasting.


BENEFITS FOR ATHLETES


higher growth hormone level may improve recovery time from hard workouts. The increased adrenaline ...free plan limit


Micronutrients are vitamin and minerals that are provided by the diet and are required for overall ...free plan limit


Macronutrients are proteins, fats, and carbohydrates.


During fasting, unlike during caloric reduction, metabolism stabilizes or even goes up to maintain ...free plan limit


down as the body changes from burning sugar to burning fat. All this begins to address the long-ter...free plan limit


These are substances the body produces during fat-burning; they’re what fuels the brain when glucos...free plan limit


Ketone bodies produced during fat-burning fill that gap, and the brain becomes powered mostly on ke...free plan limit


the brain still requires glucose to function normally during fasting, but we do not need to eat glu...free plan limit


Cortisol is a hormone that’s released during times of stress, whether physical or psychological. Th...free plan limit


One of insulin’s main jobs is to move glucose from the blood into the tissues, which use it as ener...free plan limit


A protein called brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), which supports the growth of neurons and...free plan limit


insulin levels have an inverse correlation to memory—that is, the lower the insulin level, the more...free plan limit


This is why the strongest stimulus to autophagy currently known is fasting, and why fasting alone, ...free plan limit


Simply put, fasting cleanses the body of unhealthy or unnecessary cellular debris. This is the reas...free plan limit


practical experience with hundreds of patients shows that while they’re on an intermittent fasting ...free plan limit


hunger is partly a learned phenomenon.


But we can also learn to become hungry during conditions that are intrinsically unrelated with food.


Without salt, the body cannot hold onto water, and therefore there is some risk of dehydration.


The Net and the Butterfly: The Art and Practice of Breakthrough Thinking, Olivia Fox Cabane and Judah Pollack


Achieving a certain level of mastery in one’s line of work or craft opens the door to deep insights.


Minimalism is great for productivity but not for creativity.


Spend the day dressed like someone else. If you’re usually a casual dresser, wear a suit. If you we...free plan limit


But if we get caught in an online dopamine loop, we are wasting our neurochemical drive.


Accept that you won’t know which seeds will bear fruit until harvest time.


relationships are the backbone of all success in business and in life,


The Daily Stoic: 366 Meditations on Wisdom, Perseverance, and the Art of Living: Featuring new translations of Seneca, Epictetus, and Marcus Aurelius, Ryan Holiday and Stephen Hanselman


If we can focus on making clear what parts of our day are within our control and what parts are not...free plan limit


filtering the outside world through the straightener of our judgment.


Evolve Your Brain: The Science of Changing Your Mind, Joe Dispenza


We choose to remain in the same circumstances because we have become


addicted to the emotional state they produce and the chemicals that arouse that state of being.


state they produce and the chemicals that arouse that state of being.


We can change (and thus, evolve) our brain, so that we no longer fall into those repetitive, habitu...free plan limit


For our purposes, the words change, neuroplasticity, and evolution have similar meanings. The aim o...free plan limit


As a result of thousands of years of evolution, the physical expression of an organism is equal to ...free plan limit


we not only have to demonstrate a will greater than our circumstances,


must break old habits by releasing the encoded memories of past experiences that may be dated and t...free plan limit


apply to our current conditions.


allows us to reformulate and repattern our neural connections and produce the kinds of behaviors th...free plan limit


We have far more power to alter our own brain, our behavior, our personality, and ultimately our re...free plan limit


thought possible.


The concept of superconsciousness was not only the science of mind over matter, but also the idea o...free plan limit


Your every thought produces a biochemical reaction in the brain. The brain then releases chemical s...free plan limit


when you anticipate an experience that is pleasurable, the brain immediately makes a chemical neuro...free plan limit


Thinking creates feeling, and


then feeling creates thinking, in a continuous cycle.


a person lives much of her life in a repeating cycle of thoughts and feelings related to insecurity...free plan limit


she cultivated a level of awareness where she had enough control to interrupt her unconscious thoug...free plan limit


The latest research in functional brain scan technology has proven that when people are truly focus...free plan limit


the brain circuits associated with time, space, and the feelings/movements/sensory perceptions of t...free plan limit


certain fields of psychology attempted to use the mind to know and observe the mind.


The brain is, therefore, not the mind; it is the physical apparatus through which the mind is produ...free plan limit


A healthy, functioning brain makes for a healthy mind.


mind is the result of a brain that is coordinating thought impulses through its various regions and...free plan limit


the mind, then, is not the brain; it is the product of the brain.


consciousness is what gives the brain life—it is the invisible life essence that animates the brain...free plan limit


24 Assets: Create a digital, scalable, valuable and fun business that will thrive in a fast changing world, Daniel Priestley


To build brand assets, focus on three key areas: the philosophy, the identity and the ambassadors o...free plan limit


Consistent beats clever when it comes to a brand.


Opening the Hand of Thought: Foundations of Zen Buddhist Practice, Kosho Uchiyama and Tom Wright and Jisho Warner and and Shohaku Okumura


It seems to me that zazen is the highest form of human culture.1 Other developments have made human...free plan limit


Dwelling here and now in this reality, letting go of all the accidental things that arise in our mi...free plan limit


that “now” we have past experiences. Within the present, we have past experiences and a direction t...free plan limit


It is crucial to live out the truth of the self, which is self living the reality of universal self.


Your true self is beyond either relying on others or avoiding them in order to know who you are.


If a thought comes to mind while we are wide awake and we chase after


it, this is called thinking. And, if a thought comes to mind when we are sleepy and we drift after ...free plan limit


The very power to wake up to ZZ′ and return to it is the reality of the life of zazen.


The important point here is not to cause life to be fogged over by thought based on desires or crav...free plan limit


usually we are unable to recognize that what we think about is nothing but empty comings and goings...free plan limit


think of something we want or like, we assume that the simple fact of thinking we want it or like i...free plan limit


Despite the fact that we almost always stress the content of our thoughts, when we wake up, we wake...free plan limit


The Middle Way is nothing other than seeing interdependence as it is, moment by moment; it is seein...free plan limit


the Middle Way means to demolish all concepts set up in our minds and, without fixing on reality as...free plan limit


Zazen enables life to be life by letting it be.


when doing zazen we just sit, letting go of everything that comes up. All that has been learned is ...free plan limit


even when we are doing zazen. What is crucial is to let them come and go of themselves without purs...free plan limit


“There is no reason to expect the reality of immeasurable and unbounded life to satisfy your puny l...free plan limit


all reality, undisturbed by thought, is reflected as it interdependently appears and disappears.


Genuine peace is like a clear mirror that simply reflects all images as they are, without anything ...free plan limit


When we are practicing zazen we exist before separating this moment from eternity, or subject from ...free plan limit


Here is where we come to find the true value of life—living out the whole self no matter what happe...free plan limit


the mind that lives in accord with the true value of life. Joyful mind comes up as a dynamic feelin...free plan limit


Human progress is by no means the same as the advancement of natural science; nor does it follow th...free plan limit


where we see every encounter as our child and discover our joy and ardor in life through looking af...free plan limit


We human beings make up illusions and then become lost and confused in the jungle we ourselves have...free plan limit


Pondering life and death within the illusions they’ve fabricated throughout their lives, they becom...free plan limit


In reality, life and death don’t take place in our heads. They occur beyond human thought. They occ...free plan limit


“Cravings are inexhaustible, I vow to extinguish them all.” This means refraining from being dragge...free plan limit


one’s thoughts. But as long as we are human beings, we’re going to have a mind that fabricates illu...free plan limit


Ikigai: The Japanese Secret to a Long and Happy Life, Héctor García and Francesc Miralles


Nurturing friendships, eating light, getting enough rest, and doing regular, moderate exercise are ...free plan limit


the keys to longevity are diet, exercise, finding a purpose in life (an ikigai), and forming strong...free plan limit


Life in the United Kingdom: A Guide for New Residents, 3rd edition, Home Office


St Helena and the Falkland Islands.


first people to live in Britain were hunter-gatherers,


Britain only became permanently separated from the continent by the Channel about 10,000


first farmers arrived in Britain 6,000 years ago.


monuments, Stonehenge, still stands in what is now the English county of Wiltshire.


Skara Brae on Orkney, off the north coast of Scotland,


Around 4,000 years ago, people learned to make bronze. We call this period the Bronze Age.


round barrows.


Bronze Age were accomplished metalworkers


The Bronze Age was followed by the Iron Age,


hill forts.


Maiden Castle,


Dorset.


Celtic language family.


Iron Age


first coins to be minted in Britain,


Iron Age kings. This marks the beginnings of British history.


Julius Caesar led a Roman invasion of Britain in 55


BC.


Boudicca,


Iceni


Emperor Hadrian built a wall in the north of England to keep out the Picts


forts of Housesteads and Vindolanda,


The Romans remained in Britain for 400 years.


the 3rd and 4th centuries AD that the first Christian communities began to appear in Britain.


the Jutes, the Angles and the Saxons.


Sutton Hoo in modern Suffolk.


St Patrick,


St Columba,


who founded a monastery on the island of Iona,


St Augustine led missionaries from Rome,


who spread Christianity in the south. St Augustine became the first Archbishop of Canterbury.


Danish kings. The first of these was Cnut, also called Canute.


Kenneth MacAlpin.


Bayeux Tapestry,


Domesday Book.


In 1284 King Edward I of England introduced the Statute of Rhuddlan, which annexed Wales to the Cro...free plan limit


By the middle of the 15th century the last Welsh rebellions had been defeated.


In 1314 the Scottish, led by Robert the Bruce, defeated the English at the Battle of Bannockburn,


Many knights took part in the Crusades,


English kings also fought a long war with France, called the Hundred Years War


Battle of Agincourt in 1415,


King Henry V’s vastly outnumbered English army defeated the French.


English left France in the 1450s.


The Normans used a system of land ownership known as feudalism.


the smaller population meant there was less need to grow cereal crops.


gentry),


In the Middle Ages, Parliament began to develop into the institution it is today.


There were few formal limits to the king’s power until 1215.


King John


Magna Carta


Great Charter). The Magna Carta established the idea that even the king was subject to the law.


parliaments were called for the king to consult his nobles, particularly when the king needed to ra...free plan limit


Parliament increased and two separate


The nobility, great landowners and bishops sat in the House of Lords.


Knights, who were usually smaller landowners, and wealthy people from towns and cities were elected...free plan limit


‘common law’ by a process of precedence (that is, following previous decisions) and tradition.


the king and his noblemen had spoken Norman French and the peasants had continued to speak Anglo-Sa...free plan limit


Geoffrey Chaucer wrote a series of poems in English about a group of people going to Canterbury on ...free plan limit


The Canterbury Tales. It was one of the first books to be printed by William Caxton, the first pers...free plan limit


John Barbour, who wrote The Bruce about the Battle of Bannockburn.


Windsor and Edinburgh,


Lincoln Cathedral


York Minster


Wars of the Roses,


Battle of Bosworth Field in 1485.


King Henry VII.


Henry was the first king of the House of Tudor.


Henry VIII was most famous for breaking away from the Church of Rome and marrying six times.


Spanish


English.


German


Henry established the Church of England.


appoint bishops


order how people should worship.


The Protestants formed their own churches.


During the reign of Henry VIII, Wales became formally united with England by the Act for the Govern...free plan limit


Henry VIII was succeeded by his son Edward VI,


Book of Common Prayer


Mary was a devout Catholic and persecuted Protestants


Elizabeth,


finding a balance between the views of Catholics


and the more extreme Protestants.


Scotland had also been strongly influenced by Protestant ideas. In 1560, the predominantly Protesta...free plan limit


The Elizabethan period in England was a time of growing patriotism:


expand British trade into the Spanish colonies in the Americas.


Sir Francis Drake,


He was one of the first to portray ordinary Englishmen and women.


Once more unto the breach (Henry V) To be or not to be (Hamlet) A rose by any other name (Romeo and...free plan limit


The English government encouraged Scottish and English Protestants to settle in Ulster,


plantations.


‘Divine Right of Kings’: the idea that the king was directly appointed by God to rule.


For 11 years, he found ways in which to raise money without Parliament’s approval but eventually tr...free plan limit


Charles I wanted the worship of the Church of England to include more ceremony and introduced a rev...free plan limit


Puritans, a group of Protestants who advocated strict and simple religious doctrine and worship.


who supported the king (the Cavaliers)


Parliament (the Roundheads).


The king’s army was defeated at the Battles of Marston Moor and Naseby. By 1646, it was clear that ...free plan limit


Oliver Cromwell,


Cromwell defeated this army in the Battles of Dunbar and Worcester.


Lord Protector


Richard, became Lord Protector in his place but was not able to control the army or the government.


1660, Parliament invited Charles II to come back from exile in the Netherlands.


Both Roman Catholics and Puritans were kept out of power.


Christopher Wren.


Samuel Pepys wrote about these events in a diary


Habeas corpus is Latin for ‘you must present the person in court’.


The Glorious Revolution


James II wanted to regain the throne and invaded Ireland with the help of a French army. William de...free plan limit


James’ supporters became known as Jacobites.


Bill of Rights, 1689,


From 1695, newspapers were allowed to operate without a government licence.


‘constitutional monarchy’.


Some constituencies were controlled by a single wealthy family.


‘pocket boroughs’.


had hardly any voters and were called ‘rotten boroughs’.


The first Jews to come to Britain since the Middle Ages settled in London in 1656.


1680 and 1720 many refugees called Huguenots came from France.


Presbyterian Church.


George I did not speak very good English and this increased his need to rely on his ministers.


The first man to be called this was Sir Robert Walpole, who was Prime Minister from 1721 to 1742.


Charles initially had some successes but was defeated by George II’s army at the Battle of Culloden...free plan limit


Culloden.


‘Highland Clearances’.


Burns’ best-known work is probably the song Auld Lang Syne


New Year


18th century,


‘the Enlightenment’.


Adam Smith developed ideas about economics which are still referred to today.


David Hume’s ideas about human nature continue to influence philosophers.


Richard Arkwright


Arkwright is particularly remembered for the efficient and profitable way that


Better transport links were needed to transport raw materials and manufactured goods.


Captain James Cook mapped the coast of Australia


southern Africa.


The first formal anti-slavery groups were set up by the Quakers in the late 1700s, and they petitio...free plan limit


The colonists eventually defeated the British army and Britain recognised the colonies’ independenc...free plan limit


Napoleon, who became Emperor of France, continued the war.


Battle of Trafalgar in 1805.


Admiral Nelson


Emperor Napoleon by the Duke of Wellington at the Battle of Waterloo.


Wellington was known as the Iron Duke and later became Prime Minister.


In 1801, Ireland became unified with England, Scotland and Wales after the Act of Union of 1800.


In 1837, Queen Victoria became queen of the UK at the age of 18. She reigned until 1901, almost 64 ...free plan limit


Corn Laws in 1846.


the building of bridges by engineers such as Isambard Kingdom Brunel.


From 1853 to 1856, Britain fought with Turkey and France against Russia in the Crimean War.


The Reform Act of 1832 had greatly increased the number of people with the right to vote.


The Act also abolished the old pocket and rotten boroughs and more parliamentary seats were given t...free plan limit


Chartists, presented petitions to Parliament.


Acts of Parliament in 1870 and 1882 gave wives the right to keep their own earnings and property.


women’s suffrage movement and became known as ‘suffragettes’.


Boers.


Home Rule Bill


The BBC started radio broadcasts in 1922 and began the world’s first regular television service in ...free plan limit


1940 he became Prime Minister.


He lost the General Election in 1945 but returned as Prime Minister in 1951.


In 1945 the British people elected a Labour government. The new Prime Minister was Clement Attlee,


Beveridge Report.


1948, Aneurin (Nye) Bevan, the Minister for Health, led the establishment of the National Health Se...free plan limit


The Prime Minister of the day, Harold Macmillan,


British inventions


The television


Radar


Turing machine


DNA molecule


Concorde,


Harrier jump jet,


cash-dispensing ATM


IVF (in-vitro fertilisation) therapy


cloning


Sir Tim Berners-Lee


nearly 10% of the population has a parent or grandparent born outside the UK.


north west of Europe.


longest distance on the mainland is from John O’Groats on the north coast of Scotland to Land’s End...free plan limit


870 miles (approximately 1,400 kilometres).


population of the UK


England more or less consistently makes up 84% of the total population, Wales around 5%, Scotland j...free plan limit


70% of people identified themselves as Christian.


Muslim (4%), Hindu (2%), Sikh (1%), Jewish or Buddhist (both less than 0.5%), and 2% of people foll...free plan limit


21% of people said


that they had no religion.


Anglican Church


Episcopal Church in Scotland and the United States).


patron saint.


Only Scotland and Northern Ireland have their patron saint’s day as an official holiday


The 40 days before Easter are known as Lent.


Christians take time to reflect and prepare for Easter.


Lent starts is called Shrove Tuesday,


Pancake Day.


Diwali normally falls in October or November and lasts for five days.


In Scotland, 31 December is called Hogmanay and 2 January is also a public holiday.


For some Scottish people, Hogmanay is a bigger holiday than Christmas.


Mothering Sunday (or Mother’s Day) is the Sunday three weeks before Easter.


Father’s Day is the third Sunday in June.


Halloween, 31 October,


Bonfire Night, 5 November,


Remembrance Day, 11 November,


First World War, which ended on 11 November 1918.


They are at the beginning of May, in late May or early June, and in August.


In Northern Ireland, the anniversary of the Battle of the Boyne in July is also a public holiday.


cricket, football, lawn tennis, golf and rugby, began in Britain.


1908, 1948 and 2012.


Paralympics have their origin in the work of Dr Sir Ludwig Guttman, a German refugee, at the Stoke


Mandeville hospital in Buckinghamshire.


Steve Redgrave


gold medals in rowing in five consecutive Olympic Games


The most famous competition is the Ashes, which is a series of Test matches played between England ...free plan limit


first professional football clubs were formed in the late 19th century.


England’s only international tournament victory was at the World Cup of 1966, hosted in the UK.


There are two different types of rugby, which have different rules: union and league.


The most famous rugby union competition is the Six Nations Championship between England, Ireland, S...free plan limit


Super League is the most well-known rugby league (club) competition.


Roman


golf can be traced back to 15th century Scotland.


St Andrews in Scotland is known as the home of golf.


Francis Chichester, was the first person to sail single-handed around the world, in 1966/67.


Sir Robin Knox-Johnston became the first person to do this without stopping.


Oxford and Cambridge Universities.


Motor-car racing in the UK started in 1902.


Damon Hill,


Lewis Hamilton


Jensen Button.


five ski centres in Scotland,


Europe’s longest dry ski slope near Edinburgh.


eight-week summer season


(BBC) since 1927.


Henry Purcell (1659–95) was the organist at Westminster Abbey.


Water Music for King George I


Music for the Royal Fireworks


Messiah,


Easter time.


Gustav Holst


The Planets,


Ralph Vaughan Williams (1872–1958) wrote music for orchestras and choirs.


Sir William Walton


Benjamin Britten (1913–76) is best known for his operas,


The Mousetrap, a murder-mystery play by Dame Agatha Christie, has been running in the West End sinc...free plan limit


Edinburgh Festival


Laurence Olivier Awards


Protestant Reformation


1984


Joseph Turner.


Turner Prize is recognised as one of the most prestigious visual art awards in Europe.


Damien Hirst


Richard Wright.


Sir Edwin Lutyens


New Delhi to be the seat of government in India.


war memorials


Cenotaph in Whitehall.


The annual Chelsea Flower Show showcases garden design from Britain and around the world.


Sir Arthur Conan Doyle


Sherlock Holmes,


peers,


life peers.


MPs are elected through a system called ‘first past the post’.


Elections to the European Parliament use a system of proportional representation,


Chequers.


20 senior MPs


‘independents’


London has 33 local authorities,


local elections for councillors are held in May every year.


Welsh Assembly and a Scottish Parliament since 1999. There is also a Northern Ireland Assembly,


elections are held every four years using a form of proportional representation.


The Northern Ireland Assembly A Northern Ireland Parliament was established in 1922,


Belfast Agreement (or Good Friday Agreement) in 1998.


was set up by six western European countries (Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg and the N...free plan limit


Treaty of Rome on 25 March 1957.


There are now 27 EU member states


In Scotland, most of these matters are dealt with in the Sheriff Court.


In Scotland,


Court of Session


These rights have their roots in Magna Carta, the Habeas Corpus Act and the Bill of Rights of 1689,


The Road Less Stupid: Advice from the Chairman of the Board, Keith J. Cunningham


what we could control was the thinking, disciplines, and strategies that allowed us to get caught i...free plan limit


Catching a big wave is not the same as being a good swimmer.


A good market tends to hide mistakes.


Last week’s marketing report has absolutely nothing to do with where the market is headed, what the...free plan limit


How you run your business during the good times is the only true predictor of how well your busines...free plan limit


New projects must be based on current demand and not future growth.


Unshakable Freedom: Ancient Stoic Secrets Applied to Modern Life, Chuck Chakrapani


our ability to think rationally and to choose our thoughts.


Your body, your life, your possessions, relationships, wealth, fame, and reputation.


Enjoy the festival of life as long as it lasts and care for what you have been given as long as you...free plan limit


Think of what you have as loans and when the time comes to return them, just do so. You don’t have ...free plan limit


Only three things: our desires (attraction or aversion), judgments (for or against) and movement (t...free plan limit


“Pay attention to the good stuff that happens every day and enjoy what is, not what should have bee...free plan limit


“There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the...free plan limit


Stoics, success is also an indifferent, not necessary for one’s freedom.


he did not let the past hinder him in what he wanted to achieve.


The Oxygen Advantage: The simple, scientifically proven breathing technique that will revolutionise your health and fitness, Patrick McKeown


The problem is not a lack of oxygen in their blood, but that not enough oxygen is being released fr...free plan limit


It is normal for breathing to increase during physical exercise as the body demands more oxygen to ...free plan limit


What the Buddha Taught, Walpola Rahula and Paul Demieville


In fact there is no ‘sin’ in Buddhism, as sin is understood in some religions. The root of all evil...free plan limit


must be doubt as long as one does not understand or see clearly. But in order to progress further i...free plan limit


What we call a ‘being’, or an ‘individual’, or ‘I’, according to Buddhist philosophy, is only a com...free plan limit


it is just like a mountain river, flowing far and swift, taking everything along with it; there is ...free plan limit


‘The world is in continuous flux and is impermanent.’


neither matter, nor sensation, nor perception, nor any one of those mental activities, nor consciou...free plan limit


But when these five physical and mental aggregates which are interdependent are working together in...free plan limit


As long as there is this ‘thirst’ to be and to become, the cycle of continuity (saṃsāra) goes on. I...free plan limit


There is a path leading to the realization of Nirvāṇa. But Nirvāṇa is not the result of this path.2...free plan limit


He is free from all ‘complexes’ and obsessions, the worries and troubles that torment others. His m...free plan limit


he is pure and gentle, full of universal love, compassion, kindness, sympathy, understanding and to...free plan limit


His service to others is of the purest, for he has no thought of self. He gains nothing, accumulate...free plan limit


1.   Right Understanding (Sammā diṭṭhi),   2.   Right Thought (Sammā saṅkappa),   3.   Right Speech...free plan limit


6.   Right Effort (Sammā vāyāma),   7.   Right Mindfulness (Sammā sati),   8.   Right Concentration...free plan limit


Ethical Conduct (Sīla) is built on the vast conception of universal love and compassion for all liv...free plan limit


for a man to be perfect there are two qualities that he should develop equally: compassion (karuṇā)...free plan limit


That is the aim of the Buddhist way of life: in it wisdom and compassion are inseparably linked tog...free plan limit


nothing in the world is absolute. Everything is conditioned, relative, and interdependent. This is ...free plan limit


According to the Buddha, there are four ways of treating questions: (1) Some should be answered dir...free plan limit


The correct position with regard to the question of Anatta is not to take hold of any opinions or v...free plan limit


physical and mental aggregates, which are working together interdependently in a flux of momentary ...free plan limit


The word meditation is a very poor substitute for the original term bhāvanā which means ‘culture’ o...free plan limit


The ways of ‘meditation’ given in this discourse are not cut off from life, nor do they avoid life;...free plan limit


he should spend one fourth of his income on his daily expenses, invest half in his business and put...free plan limit


There can be no peace or happiness for man as long as he desires and thirsts after conquering and s...free plan limit


right view, right thought, right speech, right action, right livelihood, right effort, right mindfu...free plan limit


Words That Change Minds: The 14 Patterns for Mastering the Language of Influence, Shelle Rose  Charvet


allows you to notice and respond to how they get motivated, process information, and make decisions.


As you become familiar with the questions and the kind of responses people give, you will find that...free plan limit


With these three filters, Deletion, Distortion and Generalization, we each create our own model of ...free plan limit


With these three filters, Deletion, Distortion and Generalization, we each create our own model of ...free plan limit


people who use the same language patterns in their speech have the same behaviors.


The Context is the frame of reference a person puts around a situation.


you will need to make sure when using the LAB Profile® questions, that you have clearly and specifi...free plan limit


To help you identify when someone is talking about or has switched Contexts, listen for: When? Wher...free plan limit


Influencing and Persuasion Principle,


it is important to first go to the person's bus stop and acknowledge them and/ or their Criteria wi...free plan limit


You Are the Placebo: Making Your Mind Matter, Joe Dispenza


By changing your internal state, you can change your external reality.


The key is making your inner thoughts more real than the outer environment,


The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck: A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life (Mark Manson Collection Book 1), Mark Manson


Everything worthwhile in life is won through surmounting the associated negative experience.


The avoidance of suffering is a form of suffering.


The avoidance of struggle is a struggle.


The denial of failure is a


Hiding what is shameful is itself a form of shame.


essentially learning how to focus and prioritize your thoughts effectively—how to pick and choose w...free plan limit


You will see every adversity as an injustice, every challenge as a failure, every inconvenience as ...free plan limit


They say, “Fuck it,” not to everything in life, but rather to everything unimportant in life.


when a person has no problems, the mind automatically finds a way to invent some.


Essentially, we become more selective about the fucks we’re willing to give. This is something call...free plan limit


To be happy we need something to solve. Happiness is therefore a form of action;


the solutions to today’s problems will lay the foundation for tomorrow’s problems,


True happiness occurs only when you find the problems you enjoy having and enjoy solving.


Real, serious, lifelong fulfillment and meaning have to be earned through the choosing and managing...free plan limit


the solution lies in the acceptance and active engagement of that negative experience—not the avoid...free plan limit


People want to start their own business. But you don’t end up a successful entrepreneur unless you ...free plan limit


“What pain do you want to sustain?” The path to happiness is a path full of shitheaps and shame.


Who you are is defined by what you’re willing to struggle for.


The easier and more problem-free our lives become, the more we seem to feel entitled for them to ge...free plan limit


All of this “every person can be extraordinary and achieve greatness” stuff is basically just jerki...free plan limit


in reality is nothing more than empty calories that make you emotionally fat and bloated,


accepting the bland and mundane truths of life: truths such as “Your actions actually don’t matter ...free plan limit


You will have a growing appreciation for life’s basic experiences: the pleasures of simple friendsh...free plan limit


If suffering is inevitable, if our problems in life are unavoidable, then the question we should be...free plan limit


Self-awareness is like an onion. There are multiple layers to it, and the more you peel them back, ...free plan limit


the more uncomfortable the answer, the more likely it is to be true.


Problems may be inevitable, but the meaning of each problem is not.


Pleasure is not the cause of happiness; rather, it is the effect. If you get the other


stuff right (the other values and metrics), then pleasure will naturally occur as a by-product.


people who base their self-worth on being right about everything prevent themselves from learning f...free plan limit


In the long run, completing a marathon makes us happier than eating a chocolate cake. Raising a chi...free plan limit


friends while struggling to make ends meet makes us happier than buying a new computer.


The point is to nail down some good values and metrics, and pleasure and success will naturally eme...free plan limit


We don’t always control what happens to us. But we always control how we interpret what happens to ...free plan limit


The more we choose to accept responsibility in our lives, the more power we will exercise over our ...free plan limit


When we learn something new, we don’t go from “wrong” to “right.” Rather, we go from wrong to sligh...free plan limit


We are always in the process of approaching truth and perfection without actually ever reaching tru...free plan limit


the more you try to be certain about something, the more uncertain and insecure you will feel.


the more you embrace being uncertain and not knowing, the more comfortable you will feel in knowing...free plan limit


The only way to achieve these things is to remain uncertain of them and be open to finding them out...free plan limit


I say don’t find yourself. I say never know who you are. Because that’s what keeps you striving and...free plan limit


absolute freedom, by itself, means nothing.


The truth is, there are healthy forms of love and unhealthy forms of love. Unhealthy love is based ...free plan limit


Without conflict, there can be no trust.


Conflict exists to show us who is there for us unconditionally and who is just there for the benefi...free plan limit


paradox of choice.


once we become comfortable with the fact of our own death—the root terror, the underlying anxiety m...free plan limit


Without acknowledging the ever-present gaze of death, the superficial will appear important, and th...free plan limit


Death is the only thing we can know with any certainty. And as such, it must be the compass by whic...free plan limit


The only way to be comfortable with death is to understand and see yourself


as something bigger than yourself; to choose values that stretch beyond serving yourself, that are ...free plan limit


Mating in Captivity: How to keep desire and passion alive in long-term relationships, Esther Perel


This never-ending dance between change and stability is like the anchor and the waves.


passion in a relationship is commensurate with the amount of uncertainty you can tolerate.


our willingness to engage that mystery keeps desire alive.


Eroticism resides in the ambiguous space between anxiety and fascination.


intimacy comes with a growing concern for the well-being of the other person, which includes a fear...free plan limit


her. But sexual excitement requires the capacity not to worry, and the pursuit of pleasure demands ...free plan limit


In order to bring lust home, we need to re-create the distance that we worked so hard to bridge.


Erotic intelligence is about creating distance, then bringing that space to life.


our ability to tolerate our separateness—and the fundamental insecurity it engenders—is a precondit...free plan limit


Love enjoys knowing everything about you; desire needs mystery. Love likes to shrink the distance t...free plan limit


they cease to fan the flame of desire. They forget that fire needs air.


The Price of Tomorrow: Why Deflation is the Key to an Abundant Future, Jeff Booth


In 2000, the total debt in the world was approximately US$62 trillion. At the same time, the world ...free plan limit


New technologies often change what is valuable in a way that is misunderstood by incumbents who hav...free plan limit


technology often changes where business value is derived from and, in doing so, can reduce the wort...free plan limit


42 percent of the success


could be attributed to timing. Rounding out the top five things in determining success were the tea...free plan limit


It is not the debt itself that acts to undermine capitalism. It is the act of stabilizing an econom...free plan limit


cognitive biases as all of us, thinking along established paths. The longer any pattern persists, t...free plan limit


Trapped in our own sense of reality, we often hold onto false beliefs. Despite how certain we feel,...free plan limit


Parking in cities is designed for the 5 percent utilization rate, meaning that the amount of parkin...free plan limit


Those savings come directly from inefficiencies in travel, surveying, and mistakes caused by not se...free plan limit


The effects of deflation from technology cannot be outrun by piling on ever more debt in a hopeless...free plan limit


There is no one inventor of the scientific method. Like science itself, it continued to be refined ...free plan limit


“All of our knowledge grows only through the correcting of our mistakes.”


“True ignorance is not the absence of knowledge, it’s the refusal to acquire it.”


The entire human


genome—our complete set of DNA—was sequenced for the first time in 2003. It contains approximately ...free plan limit


Watch your thoughts, they become words; watch your words, they become actions; watch your actions, ...free plan limit


The 10% Entrepreneur: Live Your Dream Without Quitting Your Day Job, Patrick J. McGinnis


she, like any first-time entrepreneur, worked hard to find an idea that excited her while still bui...free plan limit


Upstream: How to solve problems before they happen, Dan Heath


So often in life, we get stuck in a cycle of response. We put out fires. We deal with emergencies. ...free plan limit


That’s one reason why we tend to favor reaction: Because it’s more tangible. Downstream work is eas...free plan limit


there’s always a way to push further upstream—at the cost of more complexity.


Heroism need system fail


when it comes to preventing problems in complex systems, finding the right lever and fulcrum is pre...free plan limit


Seeing Around Corners: How to Spot Inflection Points in Business Before They Happen, Rita Gunther  McGrath and Clayton Christensen


“capital market myopia.”


An arena consists of a customer’s “job to be done” at a specific time and location


the most creative ideas can easily die fighting corporate bureaucracy for the chance to be discover...free plan limit


the big problem was not coming up with interesting ideas. The problem was fighting one’s way throug...free plan limit


Randall had a world-class insight: for the price of funding just one $1 million project, he could f...free plan limit


thousand $1,000 little bets. Any employee can request a Kickbox, and there are no deadlines or pena...free plan limit


Identify the places where you could go to talk to representatives of the future.


If you are interested in cutting-edge developments in almost any sector, there are bound to be conf...free plan limit


each revolution in human communication takes about twenty years to assume its mature shape.


The difficulty with such an emphasis on facts is that, unfortunately, facts are often a lagging ind...free plan limit


A lagging indicator is an outcome or consequence of some activity that came before.


every one of these numbers represents an outcome. It is a reflection of actions taken that produce ...free plan limit


Focusing so much on lagging indicators is one reason many strategists and long-term thinkers find t...free plan limit


Current indicators give you data about the current state of things.


Leading indicators represent things that are not facts yet in your business. They have the potentia...free plan limit


suppositions, conjectures, and assumptions. They are often qualitative rather than quantitative. Th...free plan limit


Employee engagement thus becomes a leading indicator of later customer propensity to defect, and so...free plan limit


building an intelligence system to detect early warnings.


you need a way to get information with respect to what is sometimes called the period of optimum wa...free plan limit


The first is that pending inflection points can often take a long time to have an impact. The secon...free plan limit


There are three kinds of indicators in any business. Lagging indicators provide information about w...free plan limit


“gradually, then suddenly”


The hard part is knowing when to move and bringing the organization with you when you decide to tak...free plan limit


“The future is already here—it’s just not very evenly distributed.”


The goal is to find situations where forward-thinking entities have overcome some of the constraint...free plan limit


They are about generating possibilities and opening your mind to what might happen, so that as evid...free plan limit


Your ability to look into the future is only as well developed as the set of possibilities you are ...free plan limit


Paul Saffo’s recommendation to form as many forecasts as quickly as possible—and then prove them wr...free plan limit


with an inflection point in mind, the idea is to make what Peter Sims has called “little bets” and ...free plan limit


The first is whether what you are learning is worth the cost (or risk, or time) required to achieve...free plan limit


whether, given what you are learning, it still makes sense to continue with the plan or whether a s...free plan limit


The catch you want to avoid is getting tangled up in the need to be right when you really don’t hav...free plan limit


think of a low-cost, creative way to determine how you might find out what the right answer really ...free plan limit


discovery-driven.


Stop pretending you know all the answers. In a highly uncertain and fluid environment, neither you ...free plan limit


Instead, articulate and pinpoint the major uncertainties and how you might gain some insight about ...free plan limit


“Anything that has more upside than downside from random events (or certain shocks) is antifragile;...free plan limit


the best way to approach change is to fail cheaply, demonstrate that your hypotheses are wrong quic...free plan limit


if you want to be strategic about a potential inflection point, you need to be exposed to where it ...free plan limit


The Psychology of Money: Timeless lessons on wealth, greed, and happiness, Morgan Housel


Bill Gates once said, “Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can’t...free plan limit


Having a strong sense of controlling one’s life is a more dependable predictor of positive feelings...free plan limit


doing something you love on a schedule you can’t control can feel the same as doing something you h...free plan limit


reactance.


one of the most powerful ways to increase your savings isn’t to raise your income. It’s to raise yo...free plan limit


Saving is a hedge against life’s inevitable ability to surprise the hell out of you at the worst po...free plan limit


The historical odds of making money in U.S. markets are 50/50 over one-day periods, 68% in one-year...free plan limit


The mental trick we play on ourselves here is an over-admiration of people who have been there, don...free plan limit


Like everything else worthwhile, successful investing demands a price. But its currency is not doll...free plan limit


The bigger the gap between what you want to be true and what you need to be true to have an accepta...free plan limit


The Deficit Myth: Modern Monetary Theory and How to Build a Better Economy, Stephanie Kelton


MMT flips this around, showing that the more appropriate, real-world sequencing is S(TAB). The gove...free plan limit


Suppose S (spending) equals $100, meaning that the government spends $100 into the economy. Now sup...free plan limit


government taxes $90 away from us, meaning the government’s deficit has left us with $10 to hold on...free plan limit


interest on the debt (r)


economy’s growth rate (g),


Fiscal surpluses suck money out of the economy. Fiscal deficits do the opposite. As long as they’re...free plan limit


government surpluses shift deficits onto the nongovernment sector.


Taxes aren’t important because they help the government pay the bills. They’re important because th...free plan limit


bond sales aren’t important because they allow the government to finance fiscal deficits. They’re i...free plan limit


The Almanack of Naval Ravikant: A Guide to Wealth and Happiness, Eric Jorgenson and Jack Butcher and and Tim Ferriss


The less you want something, the less you’re thinking about it, the less you’re obsessing over it, ...free plan limit


Think about what product or service society wants but does not yet know how to get. You want to bec...free plan limit


The way to get out of the competition trap is to be authentic, to find the thing you know how to do...free plan limit


Become the best at what you do. Refine what you do until this is true.


Wisdom applied to external problems is judgment.


knowing the long-term consequences of your actions and then making the right decision to capitalize...free plan limit


praise specifically, criticize generally.


Charisma is the ability to project confidence and love at the same time.


Mental models are really just compact ways for you to recall your own knowledge. [78]


The more you judge, the more you separate yourself. You’ll feel good for an instant, because you fe...free plan limit


Meditation is intermittent fasting for the mind. Too much sugar leads to a heavy body, and too many...free plan limit


No Rules Rules: Netflix and the Culture of Reinvention, Reed Hastings and Erin Meyer


Once you have developed a culture of candor, employees will watch out for one another and ensure th...free plan limit


and expense policies. These elements give people more control over their own lives and convey a lou...free plan limit


The pratfall effect is the tendency for someone’s appeal to increase or decrease after making a mis...free plan limit


Is Sheila a stunning employee? Do you believe she has good judgment? Do you think she has the abili...free plan limit


Our big threat in the long run is not making a mistake, it’s lack of innovation. Our risk is failin...free plan limit


at Netflix you don’t lose your job because you make a bet that doesn’t work out. Instead you lose y...free plan limit


good decisions require a solid grasp of the context, feedback from people with different perspectiv...free plan limit


If you have an idea you’re passionate about, do the following: “Farm for dissent,” or “socialize” t...free plan limit


If a person gets obsessed by their risk of being let go (or an athlete becomes obsessed with the ri...free plan limit


WHEN ONE OF YOUR PEOPLE DOES SOMETHING DUMB DON’T BLAME THEM. INSTEAD ASK YOURSELF WHAT CONTEXT YOU...free plan limit


we almost always prefer to pay more for the option that gives us greater flexibility, knowing that ...free plan limit


The 4As are as follows: Aim to assist Actionable Appreciate Accept or decline


above all you have to be humble, you have to be curious, and you have to remember to listen before ...free plan limit


Arc de Triomphe


The Practice, Seth Godin


“Process saves us from the poverty of our intentions.”


Ego is the Enemy: The Fight to Master Our Greatest Opponent (The Way, the Enemy and the Key), Ryan Holiday


Talking and doing fight for the same resources.


Early on in her ascendant political career, a visitor once spoke of Eleanor Roosevelt’s “passionate...free plan limit


Eleanor’s response is illustrative. “Yes,” she did support the cause, she said. “But I hardly think...free plan limit


Passion typically masks a weakness. Its breathlessness and impetuousness and franticness are poor s...free plan limit


passion with boundaries.


Passion is form over function. Purpose is function, function, function.


“Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the ef...free plan limit


“we cannot be humble except by enduring humiliations.”


You’re not as good as you think. You don’t have it all figured out. Stay focused. Do better.


The Wim Hof Method: Activate Your Potential, Transcend Your Limits, Wim Hof


You get to know who you are because there’s nobody else around to talk to. You begin to contemplate...free plan limit


If you immerse yourself in nature, in the elements, so much that your body is working in its depth ...free plan limit


Discipline served as a way to liberate myself.


Conscious Breathing: Discover The Power of Your Breath, Anders Olsson


in a single day we inhale as much as 10–20 kilos of air, in comparison to the 1–2 kilos of food we ...free plan limit


Scientific ”truths” are fluid, and what is true today may be obsolete tomorrow.


Poor breathing can cause inflammation in the airways. In order to suppress it, the body increases t...free plan limit


Since our lungs are narrow at the top and wide at the bottom, there are many more alveolar sacs and...free plan limit


Over-breathing comprises all breathing patterns, except for the first one, and means that respirati...free plan limit


Stress produces a fight or flight reaction in the human body, which initiates the secretion of adre...free plan limit


It’s a fact that most of us prefer cooked food to raw (unless you’re on a raw food diet). But few o...free plan limit


Our nose prepares the air to be used by our body to the best effect while, when inhaling through th...free plan limit


Nitric Oxide (NO) is a very important substance produced in large quantities inside our sinuses. NO...free plan limit


When we inhale faster, the airflow automatically becomes even more turbulent. A rapid breathing pat...free plan limit


Saliva evaporates when we breathe through our mouth. Since saliva is necessary to protect our teeth...free plan limit


Enlarged tonsils are a sign that the immune system is overloaded. This could be due to inhaling thr...free plan limit


Mouth breathing is one of the reasons why the nose becomes blocked or tight.


When we begin to improve our breathing habits, by breathing through the nose and keeping more CO2 i...free plan limit


At rest, 70-80 percent of muscular activity at inhalation should be with your diaphragm, resulting ...free plan limit


One of the most important functions of breathing is to maintain balance between our body’s need for...free plan limit


The most efficient gas exchange is achieved when the inhaled air reaches far down into our lungs. S...free plan limit


We actually have our very own built-in massage therapist in our diaphragm.


During physical activity, our abdomen, chest, neck, and shoulder muscles are very active, even when...free plan limit


When we breathe ineffectively, our diaphragm is less active.


The accessory muscles are overused, and each breath requires more energy than necessary, which is n...free plan limit


In economic terms, diaphragmatic breathing should yield a high return on invested capital (minimal ...free plan limit


it’s obviously good to be alert, focused, concentrated, and relaxed, which is not the same as being...free plan limit


Living with high stress for extended periods means that the stress becomes chronic, which leads to ...free plan limit


Regardless of what we wish to achieve, we will perform better if we are relaxed.


The result of stressed and tense breathing is oxygen deficiency,


As we improve our breathing habits, the perceived stress drops and we become more and more relaxed,...free plan limit


In summary, the five principles of breathing highlight that you should breathe in and out through y...free plan limit


Since prolonged exhalation promotes relaxation, the goal of the exercise is to take more steps/peda...free plan limit


The way we breathe affects our physical body, our thoughts and our feelings. So improving our breat...free plan limit


Your thoughts and emotions are affected positively and it’s also easier to breathe through your nos...free plan limit


The evaluation shows that improved breathing habits have a significant positive impact in a variety...free plan limit


Your body constantly prioritizes what is most important. If you run, muscular activity is prioritiz...free plan limit


An impaired breathing pattern increases our basic stress because it both decreases oxygenation, and...free plan limit


The worse our breathing is, the higher the basic stress, i.e., the higher our mental, emotional and...free plan limit


in many situations where we experience stress, the best way to return to the baseline is by reducin...free plan limit


Positive thinking, or the ability to feel emotions of thankfulness and forgiveness, works best when...free plan limit


If you repeatedly experience life as a struggle and think “Oh, soon the working day/week/year will ...free plan limit


Optimal breathing, on the other hand, provides recovery in every breathing cycle. The quickest way ...free plan limit


Atomic Habits: the life-changing million-copy #1 bestseller, James Clear


You should be far more concerned with your current trajectory than with your current results.


Time magnifies the margin between success and failure. It will multiply whatever you feed it.


Good habits make time your ally. Bad habits make time your enemy.


Breakthrough moments are often the result of many previous actions, which build up the potential re...free plan limit


Plateau of Latent Potential.


When you finally break through the Plateau of Latent Potential, people will call it an overnight su...free plan limit


The task of breaking a bad habit is like uprooting a powerful oak within us. And the task of buildi...free plan limit


Goals are about the results you want to achieve. Systems are about the processes that lead to those...free plan limit


Your system is how you test product ideas, hire employees, and run marketing campaigns.


Goals are good for setting a direction, but systems are best for making progress.


treated a symptom without addressing the cause.


When you fall in love with the process rather than the product, you don’t have to wait to give your...free plan limit


It is about the cycle of endless refinement and continuous improvement. Ultimately, it is your comm...free plan limit


habit is just a memory of the steps you previously followed to solve a problem in the past.


the people who don’t


have their habits handled are often the ones with the least amount of freedom.


then you have less time for freedom.


when you have your habits dialed in and the basics of life are handled and done, your mind is free ...free plan limit


cue, craving, response, and reward.fn1


the cue is the first indication that we’re close to a reward, it naturally leads to a craving.


Rewards close the feedback loop and complete the habit cycle.


If a behavior is insufficient in any of the four stages, it will not become a habit.


Eliminate the cue and your habit will never start. Reduce the craving and you won’t experience enou...free plan limit


The four stages of habit are best described as a feedback loop. They form an endless cycle that is ...free plan limit


One of the most effective things you can do to build better habits is to join a culture where (1) y...free plan limit


Stillness is the Key: An Ancient Strategy for Modern Life (The Way, the Enemy and the Key), Ryan Holiday


“All of humanity’s problems,” Blaise Pascal said in 1654, “stem from man’s inability to sit quietly...free plan limit


Steal Like an Artist: 10 Things Nobody Told You About Being Creative (Austin Kleon), Austin Kleon


The great thing about dead or remote masters is that they can’t refuse you as an apprentice. You ca...free plan limit


Working Backwards: Insights, Stories, and Secrets From Inside Amazon, Colin Bryar and Bill Carr


The basic premise is, for each initiative or project, there is a single leader whose focus is that ...free plan limit


attention is similarly focused on that one project.


We found, instead, that a six-page narrative written by a given team is the method that best enable...free plan limit


Our emphasis is on what we call controllable input metrics, rather than output metrics.


If, for example, a person spoke up at a meeting and suggested an idea that was obviously geared tow...free plan limit


“Good intentions don’t work. Mechanisms do.”


Habits of a Happy Brain: Retrain Your Brain to Boost Your Serotonin, Dopamine, Oxytocin, &amp; Endorphin Levels, Loretta Graziano Breuning


Your neurons have difficulty sending electricity down a path you’ve never activated before. Each ti...free plan limit


Feed your brain new experiences again and again. Repetition will build the circuits you want.


Dopamine is the brain’s signal that a need is about to be met.


Oxytocin is stimulated by touch and by trust.


Serotonin is stimulated by the status aspect of


when you receive the affection of someone you perceive as important, your serotonin surges.


we must transition from childlike dependence to mature independence. That can feel like a survival ...free plan limit


genes alive. But the interdependence of mature love never measures up to the dependence of your bra...free plan limit


It evolved to release energy when you have a chance to meet a survival need.


Your dopamine circuits are built from your own past dopamine experiences.


Dopamine evolved to store new information about rewards. When there’s no new information, there’s n...free plan limit


It no longer made them happy, but losing it made them mad.


the expectation of reward triggers dopamine.


Oxytocin spikes in the newborn brain too, so a young mammal clings to its mother without comprehend...free plan limit


A herd only protects you if you follow the crowd and run when they run. If you insist on seeing the...free plan limit


judgment of others.


We worry about group-think and gangs and codependence. We override our herd impulses and strike out...free plan limit


Parental attachment revolutionized the biology of the brain. It became possible for mammals to be b...free plan limit


The mammal brain does not fully develop in the safety of the uterus or egg. It develops by interact...free plan limit


The bigger an animal’s brain, the more it builds survival skills from life experience. A big brain ...free plan limit


social alliances stimulate oxytocin.


Oxytocin is the pleasure of letting down your guard near those you trust.


It’s not the conscious decision to trust, but the physical feeling of safety you get from proximity...free plan limit


We wire ourselves to trust whatever we experience while our oxytocin is flowing.


Animals only fight when both individuals believe they are stronger. Conflict is usually avoided bec...free plan limit


We humans have more serotonin in our digestive system than we have in our brains.


Serotonin is the sensation


that it’s safe to go ahead and meet your needs.


Humans strive to curb these impulses, but we’ve inherited a brain that makes social dominance feel ...free plan limit


When you think about threats your ancestors faced, no cortisol doom is triggered because direct exp...free plan limit


When we fail, cortisol flows and we look for a way to do something.


When conflict changes those rankings, each brain rewires itself to reflect the new status hierarchy.


Status does not come from fixed labels and abstract words. It’s the


feeling you get when you interact with others. Those feelings change from moment to moment as we go...free plan limit


your brain actually has ten times more neurons telling your eyes what to look for than it has to ta...free plan limit


We are designed to scan for inputs we’ve already experienced as important rather than wasting our a...free plan limit


It generates expectations about the chunk of detail that will come next, based on past experience. ...free plan limit


Reality is often a disappointment, and it’s hard to understand the role of your expectations becaus...free plan limit


Expectations are neural pathways that you electrically activate in anticipation of incoming informa...free plan limit


Your brain is always comparing the world to the early experiences that built your circuits.


Managing such a brain is not easy, but it’s the responsibility that comes with the gift of life.


Travel is a great dopamine stimulator. It bombards your senses with new inputs that you have to pro...free plan limit


your goal of being a worldly person,


Our brains were not designed for sitting around contemplating what we already have. They don’t rele...free plan limit


Masking pain feels good, but you need to feel your pain in order to take action to relieve it.


The ability to seek on an empty stomach promotes survival.


If you try to sustain your oxytocin at any price, you might overlook real threats.


Oxytocin disappointment feels bad, but it frees you to make good survival decisions about the world...free plan limit


If your parents put your needs first when you were young, disappointment strikes when you learn tha...free plan limit


The more threatened you feel by life outside the group, the more pain you tolerate from within it.


The nice feeling of trust may distract you from building skills you need to promote your own surviv...free plan limit


You could lean on others to avoid the bad feeling of your own limitations, but you might end up wit...free plan limit


we are not meant to enjoy a constant stream of oxytocin. We are meant to balance the urge for socia...free plan limit


Anything that transforms a bad feeling to a good feeling is a lifesaver from your mammal brain’s pe...free plan limit


most of the time you are not facing a lion—you are facing the sting of disappointment. Anything tha...free plan limit


If you went to a party and enjoyed it, your brain “learned” that a party makes you happy when you’r...free plan limit


Distraction is not a good survival strategy when action is needed.


When your brain screams “do something,” distraction gives you something to do. It protects you from...free plan limit


You can stop a vicious cycle in one instant, simply by doing nothing. That teaches your brain that ...free plan limit


You know your happy habit can lead to pain, but when you try to feel better, you rely on the pathwa...free plan limit


do nothing when your cortisol starts giving you a threatened feeling. Doing nothing goes against yo...free plan limit


positive expectations build if you give a new pathway a chance to grow.


Each time you divert your electricity in a new direction, you strengthen your new circuit.


When you can appreciate how difficult it is to create new pathways, you can celebrate your persiste...free plan limit


Our circuits build as the


world hits our senses and sends electricity to the brain. That electricity carves pathways that eas...free plan limit


experience improves the chances of a synapse firing. In a brain with 100 trillion synapses, experie...free plan limit


You don’t feel your own synapses, but they’re easy to observe in others. A person who likes dogs se...free plan limit


Whatever connections you have, you don’t experience them as tentacles grown by well-used neurons. Y...free plan limit


Electricity flows through your neural pathways, but you always have the power to redirect the flow....free plan limit


Your attention is limited. If you invest it in one place, you have less to invest in alternatives.


shifting to the unfamiliar makes heavy demands on your attention.


You have to juice up the weak signals to make sense of them, which leaves you less electricity for ...free plan limit


You are always deciding which use of your electricity best promotes your survival.


you can even generate options in your mind that you’ve never experienced in the sensory world. It a...free plan limit


When you don’t direct, your electricity flows down the path of least resistance.


We are not always aware of the neurochemical origins of our


passions. They’re built in childhood with a child’s view of survival.


If you invest a lot of energy seeking approval from people who reject you, that habit probably help...free plan limit


you invest yourself in conflicts with authority figures, you probably got rewards or avoided pain b...free plan limit


early experience tells you how to feel good and avoid feeling bad, and that is the navigation syste...free plan limit


Repetition and emotion trained my brain to sift and sort colors and feel good about it.


Though picking colors is not an important survival skill, my


happy chemicals were wired by my unique experience. Of course, I had many other experiences, and to...free plan limit


I traced the links between one experience and another until the connections made sense. Then I real...free plan limit


I redirect my circuits toward today’s needs instead of the needs of my past.


Though you can’t just delete an old circuit, you can connect it in new ways that are better suited ...free plan limit


Each time you felt rewarded or threatened, you added to the infrastructure that tells you where to ...free plan limit


in the future.


inertia is hard to overcome.


Adjust your expectations so you can be pleased with something you actually do.


Celebrating small steps triggers more dopamine than saving it up for one big achievement.


Celebrating small accomplishments is a valuable skill, because big things come from many small step...free plan limit


If you think you can’t spare ten minutes a day, consider the time you already spend dreaming of wha...free plan limit


Just because a little is good doesn’t mean a lot is better.


Animals, crowds, and digital friends are proxies that can stimulate good feelings of social trust w...free plan limit


Proxy trust is comfortable because there’s less risk of disappointment.


You can learn to enjoy the advantages of wherever you are instead of focusing on the frustrations.


Parents often bemoan their lack of influence over their children. If they knew how much they really...free plan limit


You can learn to feel comfortable with your limited control. That doesn’t mean being out of control...free plan limit


Choose one habit you have for feeling in control, and


do without it.


It explained that music gives pleasure because your mind keeps predicting what comes next. Each cor...free plan limit


To make you happy, music must be at the sweet spot of novelty and familiarity.


why happiness is elusive despite our best efforts. And it shows how the counterintuitive choice to ...free plan limit


Your pleasures are shaped by circuits you built without knowing it.


you can learn to shape your circuits in ways that expand good feelings.


I am a powerless person if I can’t even honor a commitment to myself.


We cannot predict these rewards perfectly, but better predictions bring better rewards. To make goo...free plan limit


Celebrate your ability to live with uncertainty and


you will broaden your options.


you miss the safety of the group when you follow your individual impulses.


instead—enjoy the group when it’s group time


Choice is so frustrating that a person sometimes opts to live in a “zoo,” meaning, they want to be ...free plan limit


Find the joy of meeting your own needs instead.


Talking about “good decisions” and “bad decisions” creates the impression that there is an optimal ...free plan limit


you can accept the fact that you will always have ups and downs because your brain is designed to c...free plan limit


You can think of life as a series of tradeoffs rather than an optimization function with one correc...free plan limit


Tough calls are inevitable, but you are the best judge of the fine-tuned tradeoffs of your own life.


Seeking more is risky. Your brain is constantly deciding whether it’s worth giving up some of this ...free plan limit


Once you decide, you may not get the outcome you expected. The frustration may tempt you to leave t...free plan limit


I kept trying to make her happy, but nothing worked. If I focused on making myself happy instead, s...free plan limit


your brain is motivated by the expectation of rewards. If you devote yourself to others, you are ex...free plan limit


bad a lot, and you won’t even know why if you don’t acknowledge your expectations of reward. You ca...free plan limit


social bonds are often built on shared suffering.


but much of this shared suffering does not actually help. It’s just an effort to meet selfish needs.


you don’t join in the shared suffering, people may indeed sneer at you. But in the past, people tor...free plan limit


You cannot control the reins for other lives or expect others to


manage yours.


If you refuse to take a step until you’re sure of being right, you limit yourself significantly.


Error is not a sign of incompetence; it’s a sign that you are facing an unknown that must be explor...free plan limit


Day One of your circuit-building program can unleash the ghosts of everything you’ve ever done wron...free plan limit


With each step, you are either building a new circuit or strengthening an old circuit.


Blaming bad feelings on the system and demanding a fix from the system can distract you from buildi...free plan limit


your neurochemical ups and downs.


Each brain is free to choose peace, or to choose blame.


The system-failure view of life is like a drug: easy to start and hard to stop.


They stimulate happy chemicals with each step closer, but they stimulate unhappy chemicals with eac...free plan limit


Mental energy is a lot like physical energy. It depends on glucose, and it takes time to restore on...free plan limit


I am choosy about my fun because my energy is my most valuable resource.


He focuses his attention on the next quarter-post and mentally celebrates when he reaches it.


Feeling good about the satisfactory solution


stops you from wasting energy on a protracted search whose marginal benefits will not exceed margin...free plan limit


A big brain is good at keeping score on itself. Learning from your mistakes has value, of course, b...free plan limit


could spend your whole life lamenting your choices if you don’t make a habit of seeing the good in ...free plan limit


as we struggle to make “good choices,” the first choice we must make is to manage our own happy che...free plan limit


You can do this right now. No one is stopping you.


No one can do it for you. And you cannot do it for someone else.


You don’t have to mask the dips with unhealthy habits.


It’s not easy to manage this brain we’ve inherited from our ancestors. It’s the challenge that come...free plan limit


NO MUD, NO LOTUS: The Art of Transforming Suffering, Hanh and Thich Naht


every kind of suffering manifests somewhere in the body and creates tension and stress.


Electronic distractions not only fail to help heal the underlying suffering, they may contain stori...free plan limit


It’s much better to make a decision when your mind is clear and free rather than in the sway of fea...free plan limit


Think and Grow Rich, Napoleon  Hill


It is an eternal truth that men receive more pay for their ABILITY TO GET OTHERS TO PERFORM, than t...free plan limit


"Opinions" are the cheapest commodities on earth. Everyone has a flock of opinions ready to


If you need facts or information from other people, to enable you to reach decisions, as you probab...free plan limit


acquire these facts or secure the information you need quietly, without disclosing your purpose.


A DEFINITE PURPOSE BACKED BY BURNING DESIRE FOR ITS FULFILLMENT. 2 — A DEFINITE PLAN, EXPRESSED IN ...free plan limit


A MIND CLOSED TIGHTLY AGAINST ALL NEGATIVE AND DISCOURAGING INFLUENCES, including negative suggesti...free plan limit


PURPOSE.


Money is as shy and elusive as the "old time" maiden. It must be wooed and won by methods not unlik...free plan limit


That power, when successfully used in the pursuit of money must be mixed with FAITH. It must be mix...free plan limit


The men of greatest achievement are men with highly developed sex natures; men who have learned the...free plan limit


The men who have accumulated great fortunes and achieved outstanding recognition in literature, art...free plan limit


Recursion: From the Bestselling Author of Dark Matter Comes an Exciting, Twisty Thriller, Blake Crouch


The visual and auditory information arrive at your eyes and ears at different speeds, and then are ...free plan limit


“Some evolutionary biologists believe this terrestrial disparity between motor and sensory volume s...free plan limit


Platform Revolution: How Networked Markets Are Transforming the Economy and How to Make Them Work for You: How Networked Markets Are Transforming the Economy―and How to Make Them Work for You, Geoffrey G. Parker and Marshall W. Van Alstyne and and Sangeet Paul Choudary


enabling value-creating interactions between external producers and consumers.


a pipeline is a business that employs a step-by-step arrangement for creating and transferring valu...free plan limit


describe a pipeline business as a linear value chain.


producers, consumers, and the platform itself enter into a variable set of relationships.


Platforms beat pipelines because platforms scale more efficiently by eliminating gatekeepers.


One reason is that pipelines rely on inefficient gatekeepers to manage the flow of value from the p...free plan limit


Once there is an alternate certification that employers are willing to accept, universities will fi...free plan limit


the most talented lawyers and consultants might work individually with firms and transact across a ...free plan limit


growth is no longer constrained by the ability to deploy capital and manage physical assets.


Whereas the leanest traditional businesses ran on just-in-time inventory, new organizational platfo...free plan limit


platforms disrupt the traditional competitive landscape by exposing new supply to the market.


By providing default insurance contracts and reputation systems to encourage good behavior, platfor...free plan limit


Reference works like the venerable Encyclopaedia Britannica were once created through costly, compl...free plan limit


In marketing, for example, Rob Cain, the CIO of Coca-Cola, notes that the key terms used to define ...free plan limit


and social influence; from push to pull; and from outbound to inbound. All these terminological cha...free plan limit


orchestrating external resources and engaging vibrant communities.


platform firms emphasize ecosystem governance more than product optimization, and persuasion of out...free plan limit


the size of the taxi and limousine market in Uber’s hometown of San Francisco was $120 million. Bas...free plan limit


The bigger the business, the cheaper the costs of production, marketing, and distribution—a positiv...free plan limit


make bigger networks more valuable to their users.


the prize for “greatest salesperson in history” should go to whoever sold the first telephone. Argu...free plan limit


In January 2000—the peak before the dot-com crash—nineteen startups bought Super Bowl ads, spending...free plan limit


virality is the tendency of an idea or brand to be circulated rapidly and widely from one Internet ...free plan limit


But network effects keep them there.


the failures mostly relied on price or brand effects.


the successes hit on an idea that really worked—driving traffic from one user group in order to dri...free plan limit


two-sided network effects.


effective platforms are able to expand in size quickly and easily, thereby scaling the value that d...free plan limit


it soon became apparent that employee-edited hierarchical databases do not scale well.


Frictionless entry is the ability of users to quickly and easily join a platform and begin particip...free plan limit


Scaling a network requires that both sides of the market grow proportionally.


In some cases, the growth of a platform can be facilitated by an effect we call side switching.


in numbers that enables more matches between producers and consumers also leads to increasing diffi...free plan limit


To solve this problem, OkCupid implemented a curation strategy involving multiple levels of network...free plan limit


This level eliminates many clearly unsuitable matches and reduces the number of participants in the...free plan limit


Skillful curation like that practiced by OkCupid greatly reduces negative network effects. At the s...free plan limit


having more data to work with generally increases the accuracy and value of the inferences you can ...free plan limit


Naked Hairy Men problem.


every successful platform must address the challenge of effective curation.


positive same-side effects, includes the positive benefits received by users when the number of use...free plan limit


Cross-side effects arise when either consumers or producers gain or lose based on the number of use...free plan limit


a firm in a two-sided market must manage all four network effects. Good platform husbandry seeks to...free plan limit


sorts companies into four broad categories based on their chief economic activity: asset builders, ...free plan limit


The research suggests that, of the four, network orchestrators are by far the most efficient value ...free plan limit


The management of human resources shifts from employees to crowds.18 Innovation shifts from in-hous...free plan limit


a platform connects producers with consumers and allows them to exchange value.


In every such exchange, the producer and the consumer exchange three things: information, goods or ...free plan limit


Thus, attention, fame, influence, reputation, and other intangible forms of value can play the role...free plan limit


A platform that can capture only attention may monetize its business by collecting payments from a ...free plan limit


The core interaction is the single most important form of activity that takes place on a platform—t...free plan limit


The core interaction involves three key components: the participants, the value unit, and the filte...free plan limit


A well-designed platform makes it easy for users to move from role to role.


to enable the exchange of appropriate value units between users.


Participants + Value Unit + Filter → Core Interaction


When designing a platform, your first and most important job is to decide what your core interactio...free plan limit


Thus, platforms are “information factories” that have no control over inventory.


They create the “factory floor”


They can foster a culture of quality control


They develop filters that are designed to deliver valuable units while blocking others.


Platforms must perform three key functions in order to encourage a high volume of valuable core int...free plan limit


The platform must pull the producers and consumers to the platform, which enables interactions amon...free plan limit


users won’t come to a platform unless it has value, and a platform won’t have value unless users us...free plan limit


Facebook, for example, discovered that users found the platform valuable only after they had connec...free plan limit


Other factors strengthen or weaken a platform’s ability to pull users. One is the value of the curr...free plan limit


one form of network effect is the increased attractiveness of the currency available on a platform ...free plan limit


LinkedIn famously used a progress bar to encourage users to progressively submit more information a...free plan limit


Vimeo and YouTube coexist in the video sharing arena by focusing on different functions. YouTube em...free plan limit


To try to ensure that its ride-sharing service out-competes Lyft’s, Uber has joined the bidding for...free plan limit


ideas for new interactions emerge from experience, observation, and necessity.


In its search for new drivers, Uber discovered that many of its best prospects were recent immigran...free plan limit


the end-to-end principle states that, in a general-purpose network, application-specific functions ...free plan limit


Platform designers should always leave room for serendipitous discoveries, as users often lead the ...free plan limit


Smart design is essential to building and maintaining a successful platform. But sometimes the best...free plan limit


In the world of platforms, the Internet no longer acts merely as a distribution channel (a pipeline...free plan limit


superior marginal economics of production and distribution.


By contrast, Airbnb expands with near-zero marginal costs, since its cost for adding an additional ...free plan limit


A platform’s ability to scale rapidly is further enhanced by network effects.


A virtuous feedback loop is set in motion, fueling the growth of the platform at minimal cost.


Reconfiguring value creation to tap new sources of supply.


technology often needs the support of innovative business design to produce massive reconfiguration...free plan limit


Reconfiguring value consumption by enabling new forms of consumer behavior.


The Wedge: Evolution, Consciousness, Stress and the Key to Human Resilience, Scott Carney and Amelia Boone and and Dave Asprey


In short, we’ve ignored the power of our bodies in favor of the cleverness of our tools.


it is a choice to separate stimulus from response. Anything that you feel starts out as an impulse ...free plan limit


in every situation a human might get themselves into, there’s always a tension between the challeng...free plan limit


How we resolve the tension between risk and reward defines who we are.


Amp It Up: Leading for Hypergrowth by Raising Expectations, Increasing Urgency, and Elevating Intensity, Frank Slootman


the five key steps in the Amp It Up process: raise your standards, align your people, sharpen your ...free plan limit


People lower their standards in an effort to move things along and get things off their desks. Don'...free plan limit


Instead of telling people what I think of a proposal, a product, a feature, whatever, I ask them in...free plan limit


When I joined Snowflake, the company was being run as what I would call a pseudo‐SaaS company with ...free plan limit


First, think about execution more sequentially than in parallel. Work on fewer things at the same t...free plan limit


“Priority” should ideally only be used as a singular word. The moment you have many priorities, you...free plan limit


We all need to be careful what “elevator” we get into early in our careers. Some go up, some go dow...free plan limit


We coped in ways I have used ever since: hire people ahead of their own curve. Hire more for aptitu...free plan limit


I was (in my own estimation) a highly sales‐oriented product person.


of the more irritating habits VCs have is “pattern matching,” making recommendations and suggestion...free plan limit


No two companies are alike, and just because another company is doing it, doesn't make it right.


the magic of combining capital with talent, the essence of economics and capitalism.


distractions are a huge threat. They often become a major source of self‐defeating behavior.


Continually narrowing the mission aperture is key because companies have a natural tendency to lose...free plan limit


If you turn your time and attention to the latest shiny object, regardless of how little it has to ...free plan limit


The mission also has to be treated with urgency.


There is a saying in sales that “time kills all deals.”


The faster we separate from the competition, the more likely we are to succeed.


Mission driven is not just what you believe, it's how you make decisions every day about your time ...free plan limit


It's no exaggeration to say that business is war. Either you already have a turf, and you have to d...free plan limit


Part of your responsibility as a leader is making this crystal clear to your people. In today's pol...free plan limit


Not everyone has this visceral sense of contest, especially at companies that shield their people f...free plan limit


“free isn't free”


“What's the real cost of something free that doesn't do the job properly? How would you like a free...free plan limit


The factors that may seriously derail or even kill your career are unlikely to be your experience o...free plan limit


Glucose Revolution: The Life-Changing Power of Balancing Your Blood Sugar, Jessie Inchauspe


What is the right order? It’s fibre first, protein and fat second, starches and sugars last.


people on a glucose-flattening diet can lose more weight while eating more calories than people who...free plan limit


Building a Second Brain: A Proven Method to Organise Your Digital Life and Unlock Your Creative Potential, Tiago Forte


“Creative people are better at recognizing relationships, making associations and connections.”3


It was jobs that required the ability to convey “not just information but a particular interpretati...free plan limit


the jobs that are most likely to stick around are those that involve promoting or defending a parti...free plan limit


“Generation Effect,”10 researchers have found that when people actively generate a series of words,...free plan limit


Digital content is endlessly malleable,


Cathedral Effect.2 Studies have shown that the environment we find ourselves in powerfully shapes o...free plan limit


When we are in a space with high ceilings, for example—think of the lofty architecture of classic c...free plan limit


more abstract ways. When we’re in a room with low ceilings, such as a small workshop, we’re more li...free plan limit


Imagine how absurd it would be to organize a kitchen instead by kind of food: fresh fruit, dried fr...free plan limit


Instead of organizing ideas according to where they come from, I recommend organizing them accordin...free plan limit


The true test of whether a piece of knowledge is valuable is not whether it is perfectly organized ...free plan limit


PARA isn’t a filing system; it’s a production system.


changes. Because our priorities can change at a moment’s notice, we have to minimize the time we sp...free plan limit


you need to move it all out of sight and out of mind.


completed creative projects are the blood flow of your Second Brain.


To look for the path of least resistance and make progress in short steps.


Progressive Summarization


You cannot highlight the main takeaways from an article without leaving some points out. You cannot...free plan limit


Its ability to grab you immediately is a sign that the concept behind the artwork is compressed int...free plan limit


Distilling makes our ideas small and compact, so we can load them up into our minds with minimal ef...free plan limit


Each time you decide to add a highlight, you are developing your judgment:


innovation and problem-solving depend on a routine that systematically brings interesting ideas to ...free plan limit


you begin to gather different kinds of outside inspiration, expose yourself to new influences, expl...free plan limit


Convergence forces us to eliminate options, make trade-offs, and decide what is truly essential. It...free plan limit


HTML5 for Masterminds, Revised 3rd Edition: How to take advantage of HTML5 to create responsive websites and revolutionary applications, J.D. Gauchat


From now on, HTML provides the structural elements, CSS is concentrated on how to turn that structu...free plan limit


HTML5 provides basically three features: structure, style and functionality.


A Monk&#39;s Guide to a Clean House and Mind, Shoukei Matsumoto


Things become rubbish when they are treated as rubbish.


Things exist because all things relate with each other to support each other’s existence.


People who don’t respect objects don’t respect people. For them, anything no longer needed is just ...free plan limit


Inner Engineering: A Yogi&#39;s Guide to Joy, Sadhguru


When you reach the peak of effort, you become effortless.


Only a person who knows what it is to work understands rest.


in yoga both the human body and the cosmos are based on the magic of only five elements—earth, wate...free plan limit


it is important that you eat consciously, and are led not by the compulsion of the tongue but by th...free plan limit


close to fifty percent of your digestive process would be finished in the mouth.


This is not to torture yourself; this is just to become free from the torture chamber that your bod...free plan limit


It is our compulsive reaction to the situations in which we are placed that causes stress. Stress i...free plan limit


it is your inability to handle your own system that is stressing you out.


No other creature on the planet has the kind of problems with sex that humans have. With animals, t...free plan limit


You can perform simple acts of eating, sleeping, and sex as acts of grossness, or you can bring a c...free plan limit


This sanctity can be achieved by bringing subtler thought, emotion, and intention into these acts. ...free plan limit


but you will only live within the sphere of the body. The body knows only survival and procreation....free plan limit


The experience of borderless unity, on the other hand, can deliver you to another dimension altoget...free plan limit


you distance yourself from the compulsiveness of your own genetic and karmic information, life beco...free plan limit


Your mind can be in five different states. It could be inert—meaning, it is not activated at all; i...free plan limit


A well-established human mind is referred to as a kalpavriksha, or a wishing tree that grants any b...free plan limit


Once your thoughts get organized, your emotions will also get organized. Gradually, your energies a...free plan limit


If you generate a powerful thought and let it out, it will always manifest itself. For this to happ...free plan limit


To create what you really care for, your desire must first be well manifested in your mind. Is that...free plan limit


Logic is essentially a cutting tool, an instrument of discernment.


one. If your intellect becomes this refined, you will find devotion fits in perfectly with your log...free plan limit


There is really no such thing as conditional love and unconditional love. There are conditions and ...free plan limit


It takes life. You have to invest yourself.


A love affair need not be with any particular person; you could be having a great love affair with ...free plan limit


That which knows how to bend will not break.


The One Thing: The Surprisingly Simple Truth Behind Extraordinary Results: Achieve your goals with one of the world&#39;s bestselling success books, Gary Keller


“Going small” is ignoring all the things you could do and doing what you should do.


extraordinary results are directly determined by how narrow you can make your focus.


when you spread yourself out, you end up spread thin.


find the lead domino, and whack away at it until it falls.


It’s not that we have too little time to do all the things we need to do, it’s that we feel the nee...free plan limit


workers are interrupted every 11 minutes and then spend almost a third of their day recovering from...free plan limit


Success is actually a short race—a sprint fueled by discipline just long enough for habit to kick i...free plan limit


success is about doing the right thing, not about doing everything right.


choose the right habit and bring just enough discipline to establish it.


“Channeling his energy is one of his


those with the right habits seem to do better than others. They’re doing the most important thing r...free plan limit


If you are what you repeatedly do, then achievement isn’t an action you take but a habit you forge ...free plan limit


Harness the power of selected discipline to build the right habit, and extraordinary results will f...free plan limit


“Willpower is like gas in your car. … When you resist something tempting, you use some up. The more...free plan limit


Most of our conscious activity is happening in our prefrontal cortex, the part of our brain respons...free plan limit


One of the real challenges we have is that when our willpower is low we tend to fall back on our de...free plan limit


When your most important work is done while your willpower wanes,


default will define your level of achievement. Average is often the result.


Willpower is depleted when we make decisions to focus our attention, suppress our feelings and impu...free plan limit


Extraordinary results require focused attention and time.


“Imagine life is a game in which you are juggling five balls. The balls are called work, family, he...free plan limit


When you’re supposed to be working, work, and when you’re supposed to be playing, play. It’s a weir...free plan limit


what you do in the time you work determines what you achieve.


how big you think becomes the launching pad for how high you achieve.


success comes down to this: being appropriate in the moments of your life.


“Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers.”


The challenge is that the right question isn’t always so obvious. Most things we want don’t come wi...free plan limit


It tells you not only what your basket should be, but also the first step toward getting it.


It’s both a map for the big picture and a compass for your smallest next move.


The Focusing Question asks you to find the first domino and focus on it exclusively until you knock...free plan limit


If you want the most from your answer, you must realize that it lives outside your comfort zone.


A possibility answer exists beyond what is already known and being done.


the best path to attaining them is through purpose-driven priority.


It’s why most people never get close to their goals. They haven’t connected today to all the tomorr...free plan limit


Connect today to all your tomorrows.


the question is never will we be doing something, but rather what that something is we’ll be doing.


They time block their ONE Thing and then protect their time blocks with a vengeance.


“Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand. The sun’s rays do not burn until brought to a...free plan limit


hang a huge annual calendar on the wall and then put a big red X across every day


“After a few days, you’ll have a chain,”


As you complete these short races and get a chain going, it gets easier and easier. Momentum and mo...free plan limit


The best way to protect your time blocks is to adopt the mindset that they can’t be moved. So, when...free plan limit


time,” and offer other options. If the other person is disappointed, you’re sympathetic but ultimat...free plan limit


“If you erase, you must replace” and immediately reschedule your time block.


When I first began to time block, the most effective thing I did was to put up a sheet of paper tha...free plan limit


The people who achieve extraordinary results don’t achieve them by working more hours. They achieve...free plan limit


we become masters of what is behind us and apprentices for what is ahead.


Time on a task, over time, eventually beats talent every time.


how giving yourself over to mastering ONE Thing serves as a platform for, and speeds up the process...free plan limit


Mastery is a pursuit that keeps giving, because it’s a path that never ends.


The path of mastering something is the combination of not only doing the best you can do at it, but...free plan limit


It’s seeing something we want to do or that needs to be done and racing off to do it with enthusias...free plan limit


Highly productive people don’t accept the limitations of their natural approach as the final word o...free plan limit


When you’ve done the best you can do but are certain the results aren’t the best they can be, get o...free plan limit


Taking complete ownership of your outcomes by holding no one but yourself responsible for them


Accountable people absorb setbacks and keep going.


never defend actions, skill levels, models, systems, or relationships that just aren’t getting the ...free plan limit


When life happens, you can be either


author of your life or the victim of it.


An accountability partner provides frank, objective feedback on your performance, creates an ongoin...free plan limit


one “yes” must be defended over time by 1,000 “nos.”


The way to protect what you’ve said yes to and stay productive is to say no to anyone or anything t...free plan limit


When you say yes to something, it’s imperative that you understand what you’re saying no to.


You can’t please everyone, so don’t try.


saying yes to your ONE Thing is your top priority.


There will always be unfinished work and loose ends lying around to snare your focus.


When you strive for greatness, chaos is guaranteed to show up.


If you have to beg, then beg. If you have to barter, then barter. If you have to be creative, then ...free plan limit


“When you argue for your limitations, you get to keep them,”


When we keep borrowing against our future by poorly protecting our energy,


there is a predictable outcome of either slowly running out of gas or prematurely crashing and burn...free plan limit


Productive people thrive on emotional energy;


Anyone you know who gets little sleep and appears to be doing great is either a freak of nature or ...free plan limit


when you clear the path to success—that’s when you consistently get there.


at any moment in time there can be only ONE Thing,


live your life to minimize the regrets you might have at the end.


I wish I’d had the courage to live a life true to myself not the life others expected of me


When you know what matters most, everything makes sense. When you don’t know what matters most, any...free plan limit


purpose, priority, and productivity;


Man&#39;s Search For Meaning: The classic tribute to hope from the Holocaust, Viktor E Frankl


“Don’t aim at success—the more you aim at it and make it a target, the more you are going to miss i...free plan limit


effect of one’s dedication to a cause greater than oneself or as the by-product of one’s surrender ...free plan limit


The Miracle Of Mindfulness: The Classic Guide to Meditation by the World&#39;s Most Revered Master (Classic Edition), Thich Nhat Hanh


Breath is the bridge which connects life to consciousness, which unites your body to your thoughts....free plan limit


everyone learns to use breath as a tool to stop mental dispersion and to build up concentration pow...free plan limit


Hacking Growth: How Today&#39;s Fastest-Growing Companies Drive Breakout Success, Morgan Brown and Sean Ellis


to craft novel methods for finding, reaching, and learning from customers in order to hone our targ...free plan limit


healthy doses of out-of-the-box thinking, crosscompany collaboration and problem solving, real-time...free plan limit


with a dash of programming smarts and on a shoestring budget.


harnessing software development to build marketing into products themselves,


the product’s must-have score.


“How would you feel if you could no longer use Dropbox?”


Having already run this survey at numerous start-ups, I had found that companies where more than 40...free plan limit


respondents said they would be “very disappointed” if they could no longer use the product had very...free plan limit


our small team quickly crafted a referral program that offered users an extra 250 megabytes of spac...free plan limit


optimize every element of the program, from the messaging, to the specifics of the offer, to the em...free plan limit


high-tempo testing,


“Growth was not about hiring 10 people per country and putting them in the 20 most important countr...free plan limit


Using some sophisticated programming, and lots of experimentation to get it right, the team figured...free plan limit


their success was driven by the methodical, rapidfire generation and testing of new ideas for produ...free plan limit


A core mandate for growth teams is to find every last bit of growth potential through a laserlike f...free plan limit


At LinkedIn, for example, the growth team has evolved from an initial 15-person unit to comprise 12...free plan limit


the ability of companies to stay connected to their products after sale “shifts the focus of a comp...free plan limit


To capitalize on the boom in ad matching, a practice whereby retailers agree to match the lowest pr...free plan limit


while finding such big breakthrough ideas—like Dropbox’s referral program—is absolutely a goal of t...free plan limit


growth hacking is a team effort, that the greatest successes come from combining programming know-h...free plan limit


Then there is the misconception that growth hacking is all about marketing. As we mentioned earlier...free plan limit


optimized for its intended market—whether it’s offering what we call a must-have experience, and wh...free plan limit


at Facebook the growth team has steered the company toward strategic acquisitions to fuel growth, s...free plan limit


engineers and product designers are quite capable of coming up with marvelous ways to satisfy custo...free plan limit


plays a role that is part manager, part product owner, and part scientist.


You Just Don&#39;t Understand: Women and Men in Conversation, Deborah Tannen


The effect of dominance is not always the result of an intention to dominate.


as an individual in a hierarchical social order in which he was either one-up or one-down. In this ...free plan limit


are negotiations in which people try to achieve and maintain the upper hand if they can, and protec...free plan limit


as an individual in a network of connections. In this world, conversations are negotiations for clo...free plan limit


The Lean Startup: The Million Copy Bestseller Driving Entrepreneurs to Success, Eric Ries


how to measure progress, how to set up milestones, and how to prioritize work.


The Price Of Money: How to prosper in a financial world that’s rigged against you, Rob Dix


deflation makes debts harder to repay,


For the system to continue functioning indefinitely, it was essential for one thing to remain true:...free plan limit


for the first time, the only reason major global currencies have value is because governments say t...free plan limit


These entries were both created by the act of making the loan itself: the money wasn’t brought over...free plan limit


The money that the banks hold in their Bank of England accounts is known as bank reserves (or just ...free plan limit


For example, if a lender could obtain an interest rate of 2% by just keeping their money in a savin...free plan limit


Truth: 13 Reasons To Question Everything You Are Told, Hector Macdonald


A set of partial truths and misunderstood numbers were strung together in a story without the right...free plan limit


Competing truths shape reality.


SEO 2015 &amp; Beyond :: Search engine optimization will never be the same again (Webmaster Series Book 1), Dr. Andy Williams


I divide SEO strategies into four main areas.  These are:   1.        Quality Content 2.       Site...free plan limit


Be created for the visitor, not the search engines.  That means it needs to read well and have no v...free plan limit


Google appears to be giving less weight to the anchor text and more to the actual THEME of the webp...free plan limit


Wordpress.com,


Tumblr.com,


LiveJournal


The Illusion of Choice: 16½ psychological biases that influence what we buy, Richard Shotton


derogatory


Some marketing theory has sketchy foundations. It’s often based on intuition and gut feelings. That...free plan limit


Raghunathan invited a group of diners to sample a selection of Indian food and drink. Half of the g...free plan limit


43% of behaviour was habitual.


fresh starts.


When we enter a new time period our relationship with our past self is weakened and it becomes a li...free plan limit


If you want to disrupt a habit, target your messaging to the start of new time periods.


This study suggests that those interested in behaviour change shouldn’t just target new time period...free plan limit


the intention to action gap.


if you want to establish a habit you need to combine motivation with a


cue: that is a time, place or mood that triggers the behaviour.


Rather than create a cue from thin air, it’s often better to attach the behaviour you’re trying to ...free plan limit


an existing event acts as a better cue if it precedes the desired behaviour.


it’s best to make your cue as distinctive as possible.


Split the behaviour into the smallest steps possible.


If a commitment appears bite-size, it looks less daunting, and people are keener to try it.


uncertain rewards were more influential than certain ones.


if you’re trying to shape your customers’ behaviour, harness uncertainty. If you have a loyalty sch...free plan limit


Instead, it empowers its staff to randomly reward customers with a free drink every so often.


But better still, consider Dishoom, the chain of restaurants based on Irani cafés in Bombay. At the...free plan limit


Focus your efforts to break existing habits at the start of new time periods.


It needs to be combined with a cue or trigger.


it’s often better to harness an existing behaviour.


as easy as possible.


uncertain rewards.


sustained series of interventions.


people mistakenly fixate on helping forces when they should give precedence to hindering ones.


marketers should think more about releasing that handbrake rather than pushing on the accelerator. ...free plan limit


People mistakenly fixate on helping forces when they should give precedence to hindering ones. Thin...free plan limit


Diminishing the restraining forces is a completely different kind of activity, because instead of a...free plan limit


Perhaps there’s a similarly creative way of stripping out friction for your business.


If you want to encourage major behaviour change, begin by asking the audience to make a small chang...free plan limit


foot-in-the-door


making the first step on a journey as easy as possible boosts the probability of successful behavio...free plan limit


door-in-the-face technique


opening with a sky-high price that you expect to be rebuffed, then when it is, following up with a ...free plan limit


Apply the IKEA effect


they realised that they’d made the process too easy.


The simple act of requiring a little more effort made people feel they were more like proper cooks,...free plan limit


‘the illusion of effort’.


that people tend to value things more when we see the work that has gone into them.


The importance of transparency is demonstrated by a 2011 study by Harvard Business School researche...free plan limit


The subjects rated the service 8% higher with increased transparency – that is when they could see ...free plan limit


You need to make effort visible.


Restaurants can harness this effect by letting diners see the hard work going on in the kitchens. I...free plan limit


the researchers tested their recall. The group who had generated words were 15% more likely to reme...free plan limit


92% of generated words were remembered compared to 81% of ungenerated words.


The core insight for the generation effect is that involving the audience – making them exert a lit...free plan limit


The best ads are often memorable because they make you work a little: you feel clever for figuring ...free plan limit


Don’t use adjectives which merely tell us how you want us to feel about the thing you are describin...free plan limit


“Did you know that wearing Avanti shoes can reduce your risk of arthritis?”


Psychologists believe that questions are effective because they allow the audience to feel in contr...free plan limit


The answer to the question isn’t just any answer; it’s their answer, reflecting their own personal ...free plan limit


people feel their autonomy is threatened, they often react by reasserting their freedom.)


The disfluent font provided just the right amount of mental friction: enough to require the brain t...free plan limit


the easier


the information is to process, the more believable it becomes.


People conflate ease of processing and truth.


Perhaps because rhyme doesn’t fit with marketers’ motivations.


Things designed by people without skin in the game tend to grow in complication (before their final...free plan limit


easiest to bring to mind concrete phrases, those describing things that exist physically, like ‘squ...free plan limit


The book, Made to Stick, describes analysis of ancient stories conducted by Michael Havelock, a cla...free plan limit


concrete phrases are stickier because they can be visualised.


we tend to remember the most (or least) enjoyable parts of an experience and the final moments.


The psychologist argued that this demonstrated that bad information carried more weight than good i...free plan limit


2000s. The management were dismayed by the number of complaints from passengers waiting at the bagg...free plan limit


Principles for Dealing with the Changing World Order: Why Nations Succeed or Fail, Ray  Dalio


I was seeing the confluence of huge debts and zero or near-zero interest rates that led to massive ...free plan limit


what central banks would do if investors fled debt denominated in the world’s major reserve currenc...free plan limit


both depreciating in value and paying interest rates that are so low.


Elon Musk, Walter Isaacson


“Someone once said that every man is trying to live up to his father’s expectations or make up for ...free plan limit


Dark Matter: Soon to be a major Television event from Apple, Blake Crouch


There’s a theory in the field of aesthetics called the uncanny valley. It holds that when something...free plan limit


Same as Ever: Timeless Lessons on Risk, Opportunity and Living a Good Life, Morgan Housel


Predicting what the world will look like fifty years from now is impossible. But predicting that pe...free plan limit


As financial advisor Carl Richards says, “Risk is what’s left over after you think you’ve thought o...free plan limit


risk—what’s left over after you’ve prepared for the risks you can imagine. Risk is what you don’t s...free plan limit


Either everyone in the past was blinded by delusion. Or everyone in the present is fooled by hindsi...free plan limit


Wanting: Mimetic Desire: How to Avoid Chasing Things You Don&#39;t Truly Want, Luke Burgis


Wanting well, like thinking clearly, is not an ability we’re born with. It’s a freedom we have to e...free plan limit


Each one of us has a responsibility to shape the desires of others, just as they shape ours. Each e...free plan limit


sometimes the most important things in our lives come easily—they seem like gifts—while many of the...free plan limit


advertisers have had to use a different and less on-the-nose tactic: irony. They make fun of themse...free plan limit


Priceless: The Hidden Psychology of Value, William Poundstone


Buyers are mainly sensitive to relative differences, not absolute prices.


To SKP’s consultants, prices are the most pervasive of hidden persuaders.


Though a price is just a number, it can evoke a complex set of emotions—something


judgements of monetary value have much in common with sensory judgements like weight—or brightness,...free plan limit


people are acutely sensitive to differences and not so sensitive to absolute values.


Car boot sales reveal a truth we might not care to admit in a business deal: prices are made-up num...free plan limit


In the new psychology of price, values are slippery and contingent, as fluid as the reflections in ...free plan limit


1960s, psychologists Sarah Lichtenstein and Paul Slovic demonstrated the deep ambiguity of prices. ...free plan limit


internal prices are ‘constructed’ as needed from hints in the environment.


When the wheel stopped on 10, the average estimate of the proportion of African nations in the UN w...free plan limit


Heuristics and Biases,’ they theorised that an initial value (the ‘anchor’) serves as a mental benc...free plan limit


Anchoring is an artifact of guessing.


For ‘naive theories,’ read: anchoring can’t happen to me.


Anchoring appears to be a feature (bug?) of the mental software that lets us do that.


Whenever we guesstimate an unknown quantity that cannot be calculated, we are liable to be influenc...free plan limit


what a customer was willing to pay was changeable


“We’re not about manipulating consumers, we’re about discovering needs and meeting them,” ’ said Er...free plan limit


In a 1989 study, psychologists John Malouff and Nicola Schutte had four groups of mock jurors read ...free plan limit


Chapman and Bornstein’s experiment suggests otherwise. The title of their paper says it all: ‘The M...free plan limit


an effective anchor must be in short-term memory at the moment a decision is made.


‘days of coffee sales’ was an effective currency.


What Your Customer Wants and Can’t Tell You: Unlocking Consumer Decisions with the Science of Behavioral Economics (Marketing Research), Melina Palmer


our brains love the little wins and discoveries. We love to know how thoughtful the company is—it f...free plan limit


Artful Hypnotic Anchoring: 9 Steps to Guide Someone&#39;s Thinking, Max Trance


So how does a mind work? At its core, our brain can only do one thing. It can associate stuff with ...free plan limit


Sell Futures, Not Features: How anyone can uncover hidden benefits to any product or service, so desirable and compelling that you can&#39;t help but sell more, Michael Killen


The key takeaway for me there, is that higher peaks have fewer climbers. If I wanted to make life e...free plan limit


Go Tech, or Go Extinct: How Acquiring Tech Disruptors Is the Key to Survival and Growth for Established Companies, Paul Cuatrecasas


The California-based venture-capital firm Upfront Ventures conducted research in February 2019 that...free plan limit


Learn Ethereum: Build your own decentralized applications with Ethereum and smart contracts, Xun (Brian) Wu and Zhihong Zou and and Dongying Song


the miner has to follow the block selection rules to locate the previous block and use the hash fro...free plan limit


Backable: The surprising truth behind what makes people take a chance on you, Suneel Gupta and Carlye Adler


“There will be one to three issues that are potentially problematic for your financing,” Hoffman sa...free plan limit


Share what it could be, not how it has to be


“We look to support someone where, ‘but for’ our support, they wouldn’t be able to accomplish their...free plan limit


the best applications show an intersection between your “gaps” and the program’s strengths.


it takes more preparation to create a discussion than to create a presentation.


Karma: A Yogi&#39;s Guide to Crafting Your Destiny, Sadhguru


Over time, your very chemistry is determined by a series of unconscious reactions to sensory and me...free plan limit


It won’t be long before technology finds a way to start recording information on pure energy itself.


simply means that if you exude a particular kind of vasana, existence will ensure you land up in ce...free plan limit


With a little awareness, every human being can begin to transform habit into choice, compulsion int...free plan limit


Consciousness is not a matter of behavior. It is the nature of existence. Compulsiveness, however, ...free plan limit


Unfortunately, people’s identification with narrow notions of individuality makes them engage with ...free plan limit


What he was pointing to was the importance of operating out of a state of inner fulfillment rather ...free plan limit


The crux of the matter, therefore, is identification with your desires. When you are no longer iden...free plan limit


When your actions are no longer about you, when they are simply based on the demands of the situati...free plan limit


without an all-consuming, passionate involvement, there would be no life.


To live fully is to allow yourself to experience something totally. If you allow yourself to experi...free plan limit


ingredients of misery are present. They are waiting, perhaps even tempting you. But they cannot bec...free plan limit


If you want to be self-propelled, it is important to start by fixing your intention. Make your inte...free plan limit


could liberate you from much agitation and negativity and could have a tremendous impact on how you...free plan limit


The Art of Living: mindful techniques for peaceful living from one of the world’s most revered spiritual leaders, Thich Nhat Hanh


He has taken refuge in his breathing and in the wonders of the present moment.


A Marvellous Reputation: 10 Lessons from My Life as a PR Insider for Entrepreneurs Who Want To Be Talked About, Lucy Matthews


find stunts that do not undervalue your business and personal values,


Focusing on the newsworthy angle. Using alliteration. Harmless innuendo (within reason). Analogies....free plan limit


The first paragraph of any press release must summarise the essence of the entire story, answering:...free plan limit


Whether you have raised several thousand pounds or it’s a new product or new premises or new person...free plan limit


Breathe: A Life in Flow, Peter Maguire and Jocko Willink


finding whatever comfort you can in hell.


I eventually learned that the capacity to accept anything, especially death, was the key to my phys...free plan limit


My insecure state of mind came from the fear of losing.


If you fear something that has not even happened, then quitting becomes a form of self-protection. ...free plan limit


At the time, I was not confident enough to believe in myself unconditionally and was afraid of the ...free plan limit


If you are moving and breathing, you can’t have other thoughts in your head. You can’t think, then ...free plan limit


I was able to focus with absolute clarity and my senses grew sharper, as did my awareness of my bod...free plan limit


These breathing techniques would become especially important in the coming years, because they made...free plan limit


if I want to control my adrenaline when I’m nervous, I breathe at a slower pace until I get my emot...free plan limit


He helped me to see fighting through a more spiritual and emotional lens. Once I could accept death...free plan limit


My window of opportunity in a fight could be something as small as a badly timed exhalation.


My approach to fighting and life was always smart. Above all, it was about being comfortable and me...free plan limit


I kept that taste in my mouth at all times by constantly creating challenges that kept me connected...free plan limit


If you pay too much attention to the media and the things other people expect from you, not only wi...free plan limit


When money becomes more important than happiness, your life passes you by, because you can’t lower ...free plan limit


conflict comes in many forms, and physicality is only one aspect of it. Conflict follows humans whe...free plan limit


Change: Learn to Love It, Learn to Lead It, Richard Gerver


as times become more uncertain and susceptible to change, so our desire grows for the past, for a t...free plan limit


We need to build change into the very fabric of our organizations and cultures. We must learn to re...free plan limit


In the current climate organizations are shedding jobs, restructuring. The explanation is that it i...free plan limit


We need to view ourselves more like a smartphone, to ground ourselves with some key skills – being ...free plan limit


situations, and to be prepared to adapt more readily than making circumstances fit our limitations.


able to respond to the needs of the world around us.


The ability to change, on all levels, is now as fundamental to our ability to survive and thrive as...free plan limit


L&#39;art de la Simplicité (The English Edition): How to Live More With Less, Dominique Loreau and Louise Lalaurie


an acceptance of whatever life brings, without the constant need to dissect, analyse and explain.


The Storyteller&#39;s Secret: How TED Speakers and Inspirational Leaders Turn Their Passion into Performance, Carmine Gallo


Storytelling is the act of framing an idea as a narrative to inform, illuminate, and inspire.


Struggle is part of nature, which is why we find stories of adversity nearly impossible to ignore. ...free plan limit


best grapes come from steep mountain slopes or rocky soil that stresses the roots and creates grape...free plan limit


great story releases a rush of chemicals like cortisol, oxytocin, and dopamine.


sets and surprises, heroes and villains.


combined passion, logic, and emotion to make a profoundly meaningful connection with his audiences.


there’s a difference between a story, a good story, and an irresistible story.


Our ancestors who didn’t care about the impression they made on others were cast out of the tribe o...free plan limit


speakers who are not nervous at all are often poor communicators because they don’t care about how ...free plan limit


something happened to you that made you grow, that forced you to look at the world differently. Tha...free plan limit


“Over time culture turns into an incredible competitive advantage that no one can take away from yo...free plan limit


“If your service is any good at all, people will try to duplicate it. But a great culture is practi...free plan limit


“Almost anyone we know who has done something they’re proud of in their life or they feel good abou...free plan limit


The first rule of emotional moviemaking is to create scenes early in the film that put the hero’s l...free plan limit


“Failure meant a stripping away of the inessential, I stopped pretending to myself that I was anyth...free plan limit


and began to direct all my energy into finishing the only work that mattered to me [writing Harry P...free plan limit


heritage, sincerity, and commitment to quality.


Customers want to know where a product comes from, who the people are behind it, and how committed ...free plan limit


Normal companies don’t attract love, loyalty, and devotion. Unusual companies do; companies that ha...free plan limit


unless they’ve bought into your company’s higher purpose.


“Brand is just an abstraction. I use that word sometimes but I’m not a big fan of the word because ...free plan limit


We’re not retailers with a mission, we’re missionaries who retail.”


motivate your executives, organize your shareholders, shape your media, engage your customers, win ...free plan limit


“Purposeful storytelling is a game-changer,”


stories ignite the passion of the audience when they serve as a bridge from what is to what could b...free plan limit


the elements of a good story include struggle, conflict, and resolution.


“When the brain


detects an emotionally charged event, the amygdala releases dopamine into the system. Because dopam...free plan limit


Your brand will be unique and interesting because you are unique and interesting,”


persuasive storytelling must be confident, clear, and, above all, concise and simple.


“Say what you mean and mean what you say and preferably in as few well-chosen words as possible.”


The Panasonic G80/85 Menu System Simplified, David Thorpe


is for Aperture Priority. You set the aperture, the camera varies the


SCN lets you tell the G80 what you are photographing and it will set the camera accordingly.


Public Relations For Dummies, Eric Yaverbaum and Ilise Benun and and Richard Kirshenbaum


Publicity must have an angle — that is, a hook or theme that engages an editor’s attention


